, the child sex ratio is defined as the number of females per thousand males in the age group 0–6 years in a human population. thus it is equal to 1000 x the reciprocal of the sex ratio (ratio of males to females in a population) in the same age group, i.e. under age
1, i.e. there are more boys than girls. according to the decennial indian census, the sex ratio in the 0-6 age group in india went from 104.0 males per 100 females in 1981 to 105.8 in 1991, to 107.8 in 2001, to 108.8
he is featured in the video for faith no more's cover of "i started a joke". in may 2009, he starred in boy meets girl, a four-part drama that charts the progress of characters veronica and danny after an accident which causes them to swap bodies.
john watson in sherlock, the bbc contemporary adaptation of the sherlock holmes detective stories. the first episode of sherlock, "a study in pink", was broadcast on 25 july 2010 to critical acclaim. for his performance in the role he won the bafta award for best supporting actor, 2011 and the primetime emmy award for outstanding supporting actor in a miniseries or
was presented with a fellowship bearing his name by the members of university college dublin's literary & historical society. in april 2014, freeman began playing insurance salesman lester nygaard in the dark comedy-crime drama series for his performance in this series, he was nominated for a primetime emmy award, a golden globe award, and a critics' choice television award. he opened in the
in 2015, freeman starred as producer milton fruchtman in the television film the eichmann show, based on the filming, by blacklisted tv director leo hurwitz, of the 1961 trial of nazi war criminal adolf eichmann.
in 2013 the string quartet ethel created a multimedia show called ethel's documerica which incorporated images from the documerica archives.
the show premiered at the brooklyn academy of music and went on a national tour managed by baylin artists management.
) is a c. 1944–1948 painting by spanish artist pablo picasso (1881–1973), purportedly dealing with the nazi genocide of the holocaust. the black and white 'grisaille' composition centres on a massed pile of corpses, and was based primarily upon film and photographs of a slaughtered family during
first being the monumental guernica (1937), but it is not thought to be as significant as that work because the artist left it unfinished. picasso spent at least six months working on the charnel house which has iconographic links to the graphic work of picasso's spanish compatriot francisco de
at the end of fiscal year 1998 was $ 5,478,189,000,000 in 1998 dollars or $ 5.3 trillion in 1996 dollars. the entire public debt in 1998 was therefore equal to the cost of research, development, and deployment of u.s. nuclear weapons and nuclear weapons-related
proliferation of nuclear weapons among lesser powers and for reasons other than the american-soviet-chinese rivalry. india embarked relatively early on a program aimed at nuclear weapons capability, but apparently accelerated this after the sino-indian war of 1962. india's first atomic-test explosion was in 1974 with smiling buddha, which
inayat khan's most influential and well known book, the music of life, is the definitive collection of hazrat inayat khan's teachings on sound, presenting his vision of the harmony which encompasses every aspect of our lives.
the nature in which we live, the nature that has made us, all that is beneath and around us, it is all music. we are close to all this music, and live and move and have our being in music. the mystery of sound is mysticism; the harmony of life is religion. the knowledge of vibrations is metaphysics, the analysis of atoms is science, and
in the courts of the state of texas, a jurisdiction whose rules of civil procedure differ considerably from the rules of civil procedure in federal court, a nonparty may intervene in a pending lawsuit by filing a pleading, which is typically called “ plea in intervention ” or “ petition in intervention ” without leave of the court, but any party in the pending lawsuit may object and ask for the intervention to be struck for cause. tex
r. civ. p. 60 ("any party may intervene by filing a pleading, subject to being stricken out by the court for sufficient cause on the motion of any party.").
internet access, necessary for the provision of health care. the goal of the program is to improve the quality of health care available to patients in rural communities by ensuring that eligible health care providers have access to affordable telecommunications services, most often to implement “ tele-health and tele-medicine ” services, typically a combination of video-conferencing infrastructure and high speed internet access, to enable doctors and patients in rural hospitals
over $ 417 million has been allocated for the construction of 62 statewide or regional broadband telehealth networks in 42 states and three u.s. territories under the rural health care pilot program.
she is particularly fond of the angels, whom she loves to picture as the associates of men on earth and in heaven. mechtilde was distressed over her eternal salvation and prayed that the most holy virgin would assist her at the hour of death.
her, saying: "yes, i will! but i wish, for your part, that you recite three hail marys every day, remembering in the first the power received from the eternal father, in the second the wisdom received from the son, with the third one the love that has filled the holy spirit". the blessed virgin taught her to pray and to understand especially
d. they were given priority for supply and equipment and assigned the shortest route to the primary objective of the offensive, antwerp, starting from the northernmost point on the intended battlefront, nearest the important road network hub of monschau. the fifth panzer army under general hasso von manteuffel was assigned to the middle sector with the objective of capturing brussels. the seventh army, under general erich brandenberger, was assigned to the southernmost sector, near the luxembourgish city of ec
this army was made up of only four infantry divisions, with no large-scale armored formations to use as a spearhead unit.
by this time, he was married and living in darien, connecticut, with wife gertrude (nee adams) and son michael. by the early 1940s, st. john was editor of the 17-issue magazine flying cadet (jan. 1943 – oct. 1944).
, it too mixed editorial prose with comics-style instructional featurettes. that changed with its final issue, a standard comic book that included fictional adventure ("buzz benson" by maurice whitman and george kapitan; the remarkably progressive lt. lela lang, art by kapitan, about a female bomber pilot) and humor (" grease pan gus
yuan tze-yu (chinese: [UNK] [UNK] [UNK]; pinyin: yuan ziyu) is a taiwanese politician. she currently serves as the deputy secretary-general of the examination yuan.
from the department of mass communication of fu jen catholic university and her master's degree from the department of advertising of university of texas at austin in the united states. she served as a specialist at the government information office, deputy director of the department of foreign affairs of the taiwan provincial government and counselor and director of the third division of the research and development committee of the examination yuan, before stepping into her current position as deputy secretary-general
checkpoints were set up all over the allied rear, greatly slowing the movement of soldiers and equipment.
checkpoints grilled troops on things that every american was expected to know, like the identity of mickey mouse's girlfriend, baseball scores, or the capital of a particular u.s. state — though many could not remember or did not know. general omar bradley was briefly detained when he correctly identified springfield as the capital of illinois because the american mp who questioned him mistakenly believed the capital was chicago. the tightened security nonetheless made things very hard for the german infiltrators, and a number of them were captured.
the colonel's son admonishes them that his companion is now no longer a border thief, but a fellow soldier. its first line is often quoted, sometimes to ascribe racism those who quote it thus often completely miss the third and fourth lines.
and closes, includes a contradiction of the opening line. oh, east is east, and west is west, and never the twain shall meet, till earth and sky stand presently at god's great judgment seat; but there is neither east nor west, border, nor breed, nor birth, when two strong men stand face to face, though they come from
located on 6.4 acres (26,000 m²) of land in the heritage park development of owensboro, kentucky, the facility comprises 17,000 square feet (1,600 m²) of space.
became a prometric testing center and a microsoft office specialist test site. in 2016, while under investigation by the kentucky attorney general for fraud, plagued by declining enrollment, daymar stopped accepting new student enrollments on two of its campuses, and announced that those campuses will close in 2018. originally called draughons practical business college, changing its name in 2010 to daymar institute and finally to daymar college
oppenheimer, who was now head of the general advisory committee of the successor to the manhattan project, the atomic energy commission, presided over a recommendation against the development of the weapon.
of the technology seemed limited at the time (and not worth the investment of resources to confirm whether this was so), and because oppenheimer believed that the atomic forces of the united states would be more effective if they consisted of many large fission weapons (of which multiple bombs could be dropped on the same targets) rather than the large and unwieldy super bombs, for which there was a relatively limited number of targets of sufficient size
splicing factor 3b is also a component of the minor u12-type spliceosome.
(spt3-taf (ii) 31-gcn5l acetylase) transcription coactivator-hat (histone acetyltransferase) complex, and the tftc (tata-binding-protein-free taf (ii)-containing complex). these complexes may function in chromatin modification, transcription, splicing, and dna repair. sf3b3 has been shown to interact with sf3b1, transcription initiation protein sp
the sierra club. a convention, which is a meeting of delegates who represent constituent units of a population. conventions are not permanently established bodies, and delegates are normally elected for only one term. a convention may be held by an organized society, where each local assembly is represented by a delegate. a legislative body, which
representatives chosen by the electorate. examples include national legislatures such as parliaments, and local government councils such as state legislatures, regional assemblies and city councils. a board, which is an administrative, managerial, or quasi-judicial body. a board derives its power from an outside authority that defines the scope of its operations
eventually he married ora ray baker (pirani ameena begum), a second-cousin of christian science founder mary baker eddy and whose half-brother was the well-known american yogi pierre bernard, from new mexico, and they had had four children;
noor-un-nisa (1914), vilayat (1916), hidayat (1917) and khair-un-nisa (1919). the family settled in suresnes near paris. in 1922, during a summer school, inayat khan had a spiritual experience in the south dunes in katwijk, the
the emperor will grant the periphery autonomy. this effectively removes them completely from imperial control, making the dissolution of the empire far more apparent than it had been before. in the years preceding the fall of trantor, the periphery became any area outside the empire. as this area became larger the empire became less and less great. as the empire decreased in size and power, the st
however, a number of names and their rule are known: asimov's galactic empire was the first example after olaf stapledon's 1937 science fiction novel star maker of one of the eight stages of a "consensus cosmogony".
thomas o. mensah (born around 1950) is a ghanaian-american chemical engineer and inventor.
development of fiber optics and nanotechnology. he has 14 patents, 7 of which awarded within a period of six years, and was inducted into the us national academy of inventors in 2015. in 2017 dr. mensah served as editor-in-chief of the international textbook nanotechnology commercialization published by aiche and john wiley & sons. thomas mensah was born in kumasi, ghana. his father, j.k. mensah, was a business merchant who shipped cocoa products
'peasgood's nonsuch' is an apple cultivar used both for eating fresh and for cooking.
several other apple cultivars are descended from it.
operation was a failure. further south on manteuffel's front, the main thrust was delivered by all attacking divisions crossing the river our, then increasing the pressure on the key road centers of st. vith and bastogne. the more experienced us 28th infantry division put up a much more dogged defense than the inexperienced soldiers of the 106th
the 112th infantry regiment (the most northerly of the 28th division's regiments), holding a continuous front east of the our, kept german troops from seizing and using the our river bridges around ouren for two days, before withdrawing progressively westwards.
community centers, the pervasive military culture on those bases, the absence of a parent due to deployments, the threat of parental loss in war, stresses associated with the psychological aftermath of war (living with war-affected returning veteran parents) and the militarization of the family unit (children being treated to some degree like soldiers and being subjected to military regimentation, inculcation into a warrior code of honor and service, frequent exposure to patriotic ideas and symbols, experience of free medical
military brats receives tricare until they reach the age of 23 or age 25 (if tricare young adult is purchased).
callian is a commune in the var department in the provence-alpes-cote d'azur region in southeastern france.
callian is twinned with: calliano, piedmont, italy calliano, trentino, italy
devices, notably in the 1974 project azorian using the specialist salvage vessel hughes glomar explorer to raise a soviet submarine. after news leaked out about this boondoggle, the cia would coin a favorite phrase for refusing to disclose sensitive information, called glomarization: we can neither confirm nor deny the existence of the information requested but, hypothetically, if such data were to exist, the subject matter would
the collapse of the soviet union in 1991 essentially ended the cold war. however, the end of the cold war failed to end the threat of nuclear weapon use, although global fears of nuclear war reduced substantially.
day, murray beat sam querrey to put great britain into the quarterfinals of the davis cup for the first time since 1986. britain's only previous victory on american soil was 111 years ago. murray had to recover from a virus to play in the quarter final tie against italy in naples after missing the thursday draw
lost his rain delayed match, while murray's match against andreas seppi was halted on friday evening due to fading light with the score at one set and 5–5 to murray. on saturday morning, murray finished his match, winning in three sets. two hours later, murray partnered colin fleming to win the
inline or batch high-shear mixer and a fluid-bed dryer. in a granulation process, only the solid component of the mixture is required. fluid is used only as an aid to processing. the high-shear mixer processes the solid material down to the desired particle size, and the mixture is then pumped
high-shear inline mixer, the high-shear mixing takes place in a single or multiple passes through a rotor – stator array. the mixer is designed to subject the product to higher shear and a larger number of shearing events than a standard inline rotor – stator mixer, producing an exceptionally narrow particle -
in a "fish-bowl community," a small self-contained community such as a base, challenging boundaries may be more difficult. brats know that misbehavior or rebellious activity will be reported to their parents. brats are sometimes under constant pressure to conform to what military culture expects; this means they are sometimes seen as being more mature in their youth than their peers. if they grow up overseas or on military bases, they might have limited opportunities to see a wide range of role
strict discipline can have the opposite effect: brats may rebel or behave in adolescent manners well beyond what is normally considered acceptable.
end member structures include pure strike-slip faults and purely extensional ("normal") dip-slip faults. faults which have components of both (termed 'oblique' slip faults) are abundant. releasing bends are transtensional structures that form where the orientation of a strike-slip fault becomes oblique to the regional slip vector causing local extension (such as a right stepping bend on a right-lateral fault).
they also form where two segments of a strike-slip fault overlap, and the relay zone between the segments experiences transtension.
that ' it is indisputable that geographic points of the compass will never meet in this life, but that when two strong men [or equals] meet, the accidents of birth, whether of nationality, race, or family, do not matter at all — the mutual respect such individuals have, each for the character, prowess, and integrity of the other, are their only criteria for judging and accepting one another. any differences in ethnicity between such individuals are never even considered. the poem is written in the style
it is printed as rhyming heptameters, two of which are equivalent to a ballad stanza;
plans that did not aim to cross the meuse river (in german and dutch: maas); model's being unternehmen herbstnebel (operation autumn mist) and von rundstedt's fall martin ("plan martin"). the two field marshals combined their plans to present a joint "small solution" to hitler. when they offered their alternative plans,
rundstedt later testified that while he recognized the merit of hitler's operational plan, he saw from the very first that "all, absolutely all conditions for the possible success of such an offensive were lacking."
the seven are considered primary figures in guarani mythology, and while several of the lesser gods or even the original humans are forgotten in the verbal tradition of some areas, these seven were generally maintained in the legends. some of them are even believed in down to modern times in some rural areas.
fields. he was defeated by the sacrifice of porasy jasy jatere, god of the siesta, only of the seven to not appear as a monster kurupi, god of sexuality and fertility ao ao, god of hills and mountains luison (or luiso), god of death and all things
. with an odd number of teams contesting between 2002 and 2006, the draw meant that at least one team would have to have a bye each weekend. with the inclusion of the 16th team for the 2007 season, the national rugby league had the option of reverting to the system used between 2000 and 2001 in which every team played in each round. however, this option was not chosen. in 2007, teams had just a single
the top eight was not settled until the final round as the brisbane broncos and wests tigers were both on 24 points in 8th and 9th position respectively, with the broncos ahead on points differential.
governments in canada can refer questions of law to the courts for advisory opinions, a process called reference cases.
following the impasse between the federal government and the eight provinces which opposed its plans, three provincial governments — newfoundland, quebec, and manitoba — "asked for rulings from their provincial courts of appeal on the constitutionality of the federal government's proposed plan." among their other reasons for opposing the plan to patriate the constitution, these three provinces argued that the federal government did not have the authority to ask the uk parliament to make fundamental changes to the constitution of canada without the consent of all of the provinces.
cohen prize for economics, smith college, 1971 concilium faculty research award, summer 1979 transmission of external price disturbances in small open economies, ph. d. dissertation published by garland press in their series of outstanding dissertations in economics, 1979 foreign investment and trade linkages in developing countries, united nations, st / ctc / 154, sales no. e. 93.
ii. a. 12, april 1993 macroeconomic analysis and the greek economy (with x. magoula), typothito-dardanos, 2002 (in greek) « nominal tax rates and the effectiveness of fiscal policy ».
gleeson's book the lifeboat baronet-launching the r.n.l.i. whilst the author indicates that rnli founder sir william hillary was not present at this particular event, living elsewhere on the isle of man, she argues that the shipwreck was undoubtedly a significant contributing factor to his desire to set up a national lifesaving organisation. notes a petty officer's share of the salvage was worth £21 5s
in december 1815 a payment was made from the sum of £600 from the bounty money for the slaves on othmany, the amount having been reserved for the expense of appeals.
fourth division games at the old showground. he was hull's top-scorer in the 1976–77 season with seven goals. in total, he scored ten goals in 59 league games during his four seasons at boothferry park. hemmerman signed with roy sproson's port vale in june
two weeks later he claimed both goals in a 2–1 win over lincoln city, but fell out of the first team picture and ended the 1977–78 season with six goals in 20 league and cup appearances as the "valiants" were relegated out of the third division under bobby smith's stewardship.
1901 in chicago, illinois.
oak park in 1910. following the father's death in 1917 and the mother's eventual remarriage, archer attended the st. albans episcopal academy boarding school in sycamore, illinois. both brothers became journalists, with archer founding the berwyn [illinois] tribune in the mid-1920s. he left that newspaper by 1930. by then, he had become advertising manager of the new york city-based model-train maker lionel trains corporation. among his duties, he edited the company's hobbyist magazine, model builder, debuting january 1937. it included true railroad stories
r-tv was included in the fox purchase option, along with stations in raleigh (wlfl and wrdc), norfolk (wtvz) and las vegas (kvcw and kvmy). in january 2013, fox announced that it would not exercise its option to buy any of the sinclair stations
announced that it would sell the wstr-tv license to deerfield media (which in turn is owned by the principals of manhan media, which purchased wwho in chillicothe, serving the columbus market, earlier in 2012) to comply with the fcc's ownership regulations following the acquisition of
trans-o-grams were often themed puzzles, with clues related to the quote. the name duo-crostic was used by the la times for puzzles by barry tunick and sylvia bursztyn.
charles preston created quote-acrostics for the washington post. charles duerr, who died in 1999, authored a many "dur-acrostic" books and was a contributor of acrostics to the saturday review.
(london: mansell). isbn 0-7201-1816-6 hepper, david j. (1994) british warship losses in the age of sail, 1650-1859. (rotherfield: jean boudriot).
864-30-3 lyon, david and winfield, rif (2004) the sail and steam navy list, all the ships of the royal navy 1815-1889 (chatham). isbn 1-86176-032-9 gleeson, janet (2014) the lifeboat baronet-launching the r.n.l.i.. (stroud:
example, it is estimated that approximately 50,000 military families have both parents serving in the armed forces; this creates the possibility that both parents may be deployed at the same time. another significant difference is the speed of communication. with the advent of the internet it is possible for family members to communicate with servicemen in combat
in closer contact with their military parent (s), but it also increases tension as more details reach the military families. round-the-clock news agencies, such as cnn and fox news, spread news faster than the military bureaucracy can process the details. this means that military families know that servicemen have died before
the walnut street bridge, completed in 1949, crosses the schuylkill river. on the west side of the river, the street crosses over the schuylkill expressway.
further west, walnut street bisects the campus of the university of pennsylvania in the university city section of west philadelphia. at 47th street is the site of the old west philadelphia high school. the paul robeson house sits at the corner of 50th and walnut. the street goes westward through walnut hill, dunlap and eventually cobbs creek where the street ends.
if the answer to clue b is idle, one could narrow down the 5/6/7 word to and and the following word starting with ji. some people might already begin to recognize the phrase "jack and jill went up the hill." the numbers in the quotation are generally followed by letters corresponding to the clue answers, to aid solvers in working back and forth from the clues to the puzzle. elizabeth kingsley is credited with inventing the puzzle for saturday review in 1934, under the name double-crostic.
since then, other nonce words ending in "- crostic" have been used.
' s clinical site. associate prof. donat grigorovich korchikov, phd, institute director from 1963 to 1966, studied at kharkiv national medical university from 1941 to 1942, at tashkent medical institute till 1943, then in the kharkiv infantry mortar school as
clinical sites, he worked part-time as an assistant professor of surgery. the university campus is located in a forested area of luhansk. the university's three academic buildings include laboratories for scientific research and a vivarium for maintaining laboratory animals, a facility for pharmacy instruction, a modern, fully equipped dental
top eight finishing teams, the nrl adopts the mcintyre final eight system. the finals series was contested over a period of four weeks, culminating with the nrl grand final being held on sunday 30 september 2007. for the first time, the week 2 and week 3 final matches were played in the cities of previous week winners
dally m awards were introduced in 1980 by news limited. the most prestigious of these awards is the dally m medal which is awarded to the player of the year and many other awards. the other prestigious award is the provans summons medal which is the season's best player as voted by the public
"no. 16427". the london gazette. 20 november 1810. p. 1863. "no. 16125". the london gazette. 5 march 1808. p.
342. "no. 16125". the london 5 march 1808. p. 338. "no. 16755". the london gazette. 20 july 1813. p. 1435. "no. 17086". the london gazette. 2 december 1815. p. 2403. "no. 17321". the london gazette. 10 january 1818. p. 83. "no. 17071". the london gazette
clavell's mother, frances, married three times and outlived all of her children. unlike her husband, she did not take part in requesting a pardon for her son when he was jailed.
avell to address his mother in the second edition of "a recantation of an ill led life," where he asks both her and his sister elizabeth to accept joyce as a good wife. john clavell's uncle was sir william clavell (1568–1643). he was a knight banneret and gained this title in 1599. he was active in commercial and industrial ventures,
as tiered service in the industry and as price discrimination by some economists, typical provisions in the bill state " [broadband service providers may] only prioritize... based on the type of content, applications, or services and the level of service purchased by the user, without charge for such prioritization
5,2005, the fcc reclassified some services as information services rather than telecommunications services, and replaced common carrier requirements on them with a set of four less-restrictive net neutrality principles. these principles, however, are not fcc rules, and therefore not enforceable requirements. actually implementing the principles requires either official fcc
june 29,1979, permission was granted by the federal communications commission (fcc) for a new television station to be constructed and operated in cincinnati, ohio. wbti-tv signed on the air on january 28,1980, under the ownership of buford television of ohio, inc. it transmitted at one million watts of power, and operated from studios on fishwick
the station's original transmitter was located on chickasaw street in cincinnati. during the early days of wbti, it signed on at 10:00 a.m. and operated as a general entertainment independent station until 7 p.m. each day.
1984 in argentina) is a well-known actor, musician and teen idol. his fame is somewhat relegated to argentina; but he is also known in other areas of latin america and in parts of asia. mesaglio's first professional acting job was as "corcho", an intrepid, twelve-year-old orphan who had a girlfriend and
in "tiny angels", he acted alongside other famous teen actors like maria jimena piccolo, agustina cherri, celeste cid, ezequiel castano, camila bordonaba, benjamin rojas and daniela mastrichio, among others.
mm (. 79 in) cannon mounted in the nose where the air intake was on the f-86a, the engineers designed a novel set of flush-mounted naca inlets. a "wasp waist" was also incorporated in the fuselage. in december 1947, the air force ordered two prototype na-157s and, considering the many changes to the f-86, redesignated it yf-93a. the first prototype was built with the naca inlet
the second aircraft had more conventional intakes. six months later, the initial contract was followed up with an order for 118 f-93a-nas.
a lack of competition and choice in the broadband provider market has been attributed to past stringent regulation from federal, state, and local levels.
specifically, such criticism has referenced limitations regarding access to and development of the physical infrastructure necessary to broadband, including right-of-way to land and ownership of utility poles. the rural broadband association, an organization representing rural-centric providers, has pointed to the expensive permits and procedural delays in preventing "universal" broadband access. for rural areas such as the ones the rba represents, financial returns can be insufficient and thus private actors have little incentive to compete over another in establishing relevant facilities
as a handball player, but was convinced by his club and his older brother abdullah to become a footballer. mohammed was under great pressure in the beginning of his career because of having to wear the shoes of his brother abdullah, who was an afc asian cup winner and a highly reputed goalkeeper too. on 22 june 2010, mohamed al-deayea announced his retirement from football at the age of 37. on 5 january 2012, a big farewell match was organised between al-hilal and juventus f.c.. 70
the match ended 1–7 in favour of juventus with one goal from saad al-harthi.
gurk cabin in yosemite national park was the seasonal home of yosemite cattleman jack mcgurk from 1895 to 1897. located on the edge of mcgurk's meadow, just to the north of the glacier point road, the cabin was used by a series of owners beginning with hugh davanay, from whom mcgurk bought the property in 1895. mcgurk was evicted by the army in 1897 after a dispute over title to
the log cabin is a one-room structure, about 14 feet (4.3 m) square, with saddle-notched peeled lodgepole pine logs.
zza says that a "sense of fear" accompanies news of the death of a service member until confirmation that the service member was not a loved one. wertsch has pointed out, however, that during the vietnam war, televised news war coverage was also very intense and constant, and that similar issues of military family fear being intensified by television coverage were also present for military brats and spouses of that era with
despite these facts, studies show only a slight increase in immediate stressors among military brats whose parents serve in a combat zone, although no studies on the longer-term effects have ever been done.
main character, in the three-part peter jackson film series the hobbit. accolades that his performance in the first part, the hobbit: an unexpected journey, garnered him include best hero at the 2013 mtv movie awards and best actor at the 18th empire awards. freeman appeared in all three of simon pegg and edgar wright's comedic three flavours cornetto trilogy, commencing with a brief non-speaking role in shaun of the dead as yvonne's boyfriend, declan, followed by a brief cameo in hot
he was a main cast member in the 2013 finale to the trilogy, the world's end.
john series titled atom-age combat directly reflected the era's cold war "nuclear jitters" and popular culture fascination with the breaking of the sound barrier. in 1950 — more than 20 years before gil kane & archie goodwin's blackmark and almost 30 before don mcgregor & paul gulacy's sabre and will eisner's a
john helped pioneer the medium that would become known as the graphic novel. the digest-sized, adult-oriented "picture novel" it rhymes with lust was a film noir-influenced slice of steeltown life starring a scheming, manipulative redhead named rust.
a credential developed and administered through the american electrology association's international board of electrologist certification (ibec), the certified professional electrologist (cpe) credential signifies that an electrologist's knowledge has been tested and measured against a national standard of excellence.
the cpe must obtain seventy-five hours of continuing education, in a five-year period, to maintain this voluntary credential, or be re-tested.
ebrahima 'ibou' sawaneh (born 7 september 1986) is a football striker from the gambia. he plays for tubize.
played for various clubs, including lech poznan, ksk beveren, kv kortrijk, kv mechelen, raec mons, oh leuven and muaither. ebrahima sawaneh has a double nationality (gambian-german), but makes his appearance for the gambia national football team. on 3 february 2014 ibou sawaneh returned to his parent club oh leuven after a four-month loan spell in qatar at mu
on february 26,2015, the fcc's open internet rules went into effect when the fcc designated the internet as a telecommunications tool and applied to it new "rules of the road".
706 of the telecommunications act of 1996. as part of this decision, the commission also refrains (or "forbears") from enforcing provisions of title ii that are not relevant to modern broadband service. together title ii and section 706 support clear rules of the road, providing the certainty needed for innovators and investors, and the competitive choices and freedom demanded by consumers. the new rules apply to both fixed and mobile
the average literacy rate stands at 68.19% with 15,180 literates, significantly higher than the state average of 67.41%.
mangalagiri is the nearest railway station to the out growth.
won both his singles rubbers. for the doubles with ross hutchins, murray began in the right-hand court, the side usually occupied by the less dominant partner, so as to afford more protection to his troublesome left wrist than when striking double-handed backhands from the left court., though allowed his partner to resume his usual
however, the pair succumbed to the world-class polish duo, and poland won 3–2; great britain were relegated to europe / africa zone group ii for the first time since 1996. murray had aggravated his wrist injury, so couldn't play for another six weeks.
the carving material had disappeared.
into three groups: from the spring and autumn period to hingham dynasties, most stone dogs were simple, rough, uninhibited and featured as images that their heads are up to the sky like the wolves. then from tang to song dynasties, the main features are boldness and strength, the coordination of stereo and strength in this period, especially the engraving of the penis as a prayer for fertility. in the late qing dynasty, by means of the anthropomorphic form and the skillfully perfect shape, the stone dogs stand for the blessing for social stability and outstanding talent poets
nevertheless, some 40–50 messages per day were decrypted by ultra. they recorded the quadrupling of german fighter forces and a term used in an intercepted luftwaffe message — jageraufmarsch (literally "hunter deployment") — implied preparation for an offensive operation.
picked up communiques regarding extensive rail and road movements in the region, as well as orders that movements should be made on time. hitler felt that his mobile reserves allowed him to mount one major offensive. although he realized nothing significant could be accomplished in the eastern front, he still believed an offensive against the western allies, whom he considered
the germans suffered heavy losses at an airfield named y-29, losing 40 of their own planes while damaging only four american planes.
losses within days, the operation left the luftwaffe ineffective for the remainder of the war. on the same day, german army group g (heeresgruppe g) and army group upper rhine (heeresgruppe oberrhein) launched a major offensive against the thinly-stretched, 110 kilometres (70 mi) line of the seventh u.s. army. this offensive, known as unternehmen nordwind (operation north wind), was the last major german offensive of the
the bloomfield hills school ultimately evolved into brookside school.
completion of the bloomfield hills school, booth looked forward to building the cranbrook school for boys, an all-boys college-preparatory school at which students from the detroit area and abroad would come to reside. booth wanted the cranbrook school to possess an architecture reminiscent of the finest british boarding schools, and retained finnish architect eliel saarinen to design the campus. cranbrook's initial phase of building was completed in 1928. over the years the cranbrook school for boys campus grew to include house stevens hall, page hall, and coulter hall.
under subrule 61 (4) of the rules of the supreme court of canada, if the court has stated a constitutional question then the attorney general of any province or territory, or of the federal government, may intervene "as of right", i.e. without the need to be granted leave to intervene). courts will tend to allow an application to intervene if the applicant will provide a different perspective on the issues before the court, without expanding those issues. intervenors are
however, courts sometimes express concern in allowing applications for intervention in criminal matters where the applicant will make arguments against the position of the accused.
but also in early 1983, and after much delay, the warner-amex cable service qube became available within the cincinnati city limits.
- tv subscription service less attractive to viewers. the subscription service was only one channel at close to the same price as the 60-channel warner-amex "qube" service. hen tv sold the station in november 1984 to 64 joint ventures. in january 1985, on-tv programming was scaled back. new owners channel 64 joint venture relaunched the station on january 1,1985; on that date, the station changed its call letters to wiii and adopted the slogan " the eyes
it was the first church in wayman mitchell's group to be called by that name.
first pastor was removed for moral failure, and a second couple was sent in to pastor the church. in 1981, mitchell himself took over as pastor of the perth church, and greg johnson was chosen by mitchell, with foursquare's consent, to take over as pastor of the prescott foursquare church. due to increased tension between foursquare leadership, and wayman mitchell, over mitchell's church planting policy being independent of foursquare leadership structure, mitchell preached every night of the january, 1982 prescott bible conference
the provisional government of national union and national salvation of cambodia (pgnunsc) was an internationally unrecognized and ostensibly provisional government set up by the khmer rouge on july 11,1994 in opposition to the established kingdom of cambodia.
phan (who was also head of the armed forces) and its deputy prime minister (in charge also of foreign affairs) was son sen. it was staffed by members of the cambodian national unity party. areas it controlled included pailin (the capital of the provisional government) and preah vihear (where it was based.) the khmer rouge radio station was also known
an american football linebacker for the houston texans of the national football league (nfl). he played college football at boston college. keyes was signed as an undrafted rookie on may 5,2015. on september 5,2015, he was waived. on september 7,2015, keyes was signed to the practice squad. on september 24,2015, he was released from the practice squad. on october 20,2015, keyes was signed to the chiefs' practice squad. on november 3,2015, he was released
on november 18, keyes returned to the buccaneers and was re-signed to the their practice squad.
career in 2003. he now lives in his hometown of johannesburg with his wife, nicky and two sons, oliver and james. he coached performance players out of the wanderers club for 5 years, before coaching south african player kevin anderson to a world top 10 ranking and a us open final appearance in 2017. in 2017, he won atp coach of the year award. on november 12,2017, it was announced godwin and anderson
he came into limelight again during the australian open 2018 when hyeon chung, who was being coached by godwin became the first player from south korea to reach the semifinals of a grand slam.
beginning in the han dynasty the foreign trade was very prosperous.
foreign culture, along with business, spread around leizhou, especially buddhist culture. according to buddhism, the lion is the king of all animals. stone dogs in leizhou peninsula have the characteristics of the lions, which was influenced by buddhist culture to make the stone dog the king of all animals in leizhou.
signs misread were the formation of the new 6th panzer army in the build-up area (west bank of the rhine about cologne); the new 'star' (signals control-network) noted by the 'fusion room' traffic-analysts, linking "all the armoured divisions [assembling in the build-up area], including some transferred from the russian front"; the daily aerial reconnaissance of the lightly-defended target area by new arado
the marked increase in railway traffic in the build-up area; the movement of 1,000 lorries from the italian front to the build-up area;
from the trial. the daily telegraph described the film as "absolutely enthralling". he also played everett ross in captain america: civil war, which released in may 2016. in 2017, freeman starred in cargo, which premiered at the adelaide film festival on 6 august 2017. the film is a feature length remake of a 2013 short
later in the year he appeared opposite tamsin greig in labour of love, a political comedy by james graham, at the noel coward theatre. labour of love charts both the evolution of the uk labour party in recent decades, and its presence in a tight-knit nottinghamshire community.
1925 – the tri-state tornado hits the midwestern states of missouri, illinois, and indiana, killing 695 people. 1937 – the new london school explosion in new london, texas, kills 300 people, mostly children. 1937 – spanish civil war: spanish republican forces defeat the italians at the battle of guadalajara.
mex by expropriating all foreign-owned oil reserves and facilities. 1940 – world war ii: adolf hitler and benito mussolini meet at the brenner pass in the alps and agree to form an alliance against france and the united kingdom. 1942 – the war relocation authority is established in the united states
the policy also encouraged the development of the first early warning systems. conventional war, even at its fastest, was fought over days and weeks. with long-range bombers, from the start of a nuclear attack to its conclusion was mere hours. rockets could reduce a conflict to minutes.
were taken to develop computer systems that could look for enemy attacks and direct rapid responses. the u.s. poured massive funding into development of sage, a system that could track and intercept enemy bomber aircraft using information from remote radar stations. it was the first computer system to feature real-time processing, multiplexing, and display devices. it was
louka katseli (greek: λουκα κατσελη, [ˈluka kaˈtseli]; born 20 april 1952) is a greek economist and politician. she is a former minister for the economy, competitiveness and shipping and a former minister for labour and social
the new non-executive chair of the board in the national bank of greece. louka katseli is the daughter of greek actress αleka katseli, and stage director pelopidas katselis. louka katseli graduated from the smith college in northampton, massachusetts, in 1972
were organized geographically, with each photographer working in a particular area in which they were already active. for example, michael philip manheim worked in boston; jack corn focused on west virginia and tennessee; bill gillette documented miners in colorado; and marc st. gil focused primarily on leakey, houston and san antonio, texas. subjects photographed include urban cityscapes, small towns, rural areas, beaches and mountains. they show people going about their everyday lives as well as working in farms;
waterfronts; mining and logging, industry and heavy industry. images document junk yards, highways, amtrak trains, air and water pollution;
there are about 105 males to 100 females in the united states and britain in 2008. in the asian culture, families want baby boys, because it is traditional that the boys take care of the parents, while the daughters go marry and leave the family.
want to ensure elderly security, therefor they want more boys in the family. typically it cost more to have a daughter and they cannot contribute to the family nearly as much as the son can. these factors cause family to get an abortion because they want the variables that the boys have to offer, and unfortunately it causes the child male to child female sex ratio it be imbalance
a (nms) downgraded masters series / 1000 tournament; (nh) not held. sr = strike rate (events won / competed) to avoid confusion and double counting, these charts are updated at the conclusion of a tournament or when the player's participation has ended.
hamburg masters (outdoor clay) until 2008, madrid open (outdoor clay) 2009 – present. ²held as madrid masters (indoor hard) from 2002–08, and shanghai masters (outdoor hard) 2009 – present. murray's match record against those who have been ranked in the top 10, with those who are active in boldface
climate, governments have worked to minimize costs entrants may incur. the telecommunicatons act of 1996 expanded access rights to pole attachments for isps with federal subsidies in an aim to encourage provider participation. in 2015, the federal communications commission granted a preemption petition requested by local utility boards in north carolina and tennessee over the state laws that, as a result of private provider lobbying, had legally prevented
to reduce costs and expand the market, the fcc has also approved a "dig once" policy-- a mandate that requires cities to implement broadband conduits during construction of federally-funded roads.
however, outside of the military world, the term "military brat" can sometimes be misunderstood by the non-military population, where the word "brat" is often a pejorative term.
the family follows the military member-parent (or in some cases, both parents who are military members) who is transferred from military base to military base, each move usually being hundreds or thousands of miles in distance. other shaping forces include a culture of resilience and adaptivity, constant loss of friendship ties, a facility or knack for making new friends, never having a hometown, and extensive exposure to foreign cultures and languages
it is listed in the mid-category, grade ii *. this very small, much smaller than the mound, scheduled ancient monument is formed of the scant mesolithic remains of a dwelling site also on the western rise to abinger common, west of the manor.
it was excavated by dr brian hope-taylor in 1949 when the sites of many of the postholes were found. the central mound (motte) remains, suspected to be of approximately the same height as it originally was, and is a scheduled ancient monument
mohamed abdellahi soudani dicko (born 17 september 1995) is a mauritanian international footballer who plays for as gabes, as a striker.
born in nouadhibou, he has played club football for fc nouadhibou, stade tunisien, us tataouine, al-watani and as gabes. he made his international debut for mauritania in 2015.
the population of children in the age group 0–6 years was 112 and the child sex ratio was approximately 672, lower than the state average of 846. at that time, 444 people were engaged in work activities, being 323 males and 121 females.
64.19% workers (employment or earning more than 6 months) describe their work as main work and 35.81% workers are involved in marginal activity providing livelihood for less than 6 months. phagwara sultanpur lodhi the closest international airport to the village is sri guru ram dass jee international airport.
however, some subscribers would benefit from a la carte, including those who have opted out of bundled channels, but might subscribe to just a few, as well as subscribers with no interest in sports. casual sports fans, on the other hand, could pay a higher rate.
outsized cost of sports programming paid by distributors and passed on to subscribers had influenced the debate. the needham study maintained that the creation of a separate sports tier would reduce industry revenues by $ 13 billion. cable pioneer john c. malone stated that, for subscribers uninterested in television sports, "runaway sports rights" costs amounted to "
to date, the documentary has won six film awards. musil furthers the premise that military brats form a distinct american subculture with a commonly held sense of identity that is actually a distinct american ethnicity.
brats. musil's documentary also highlights the feeling among many military brats that the culture and lives of military brats are largely invisible to most americans. some sparse and superficial aspects of military brat life may be known, but a fuller sense of awareness of one of america's largest (and oldest) subcultures is largely non-existent. the documentary starts with country music singer and former military brat
in 895, during the reign of emperor yizong's son emperor zhaozong, shen song went to then-capital chang ' an to submit himself for the imperial examinations in the jinshi class.
justice cui ning ([UNK] [UNK]) was in charge of the imperial examinations that year, and he chose 25 examinees as having passed the examination, and shen was one of them. however, for reasons unclear, emperor zhaozong then had the imperial scholar lu yi and the director of the archival bureau feng wo ([UNK] [UNK]) conduct a second-round examination, which eliminated 10 examinees — but shen survived this
the american academy of sleep medicine (aasm) is a united states professional society for the medical subspecialty of sleep medicine which includes disorders of circadian rhythms. it was established in 1975. the organization's functions include the accreditation of sleep medicine facilities in the united states.
the aasm, the organization issued its first accreditation to a sleep disorders center in 1977 (april 27, sleep-wake disorders center, montefiore medical center, new york), and by 2010 had accredited more than 2,000 centers and laboratories for sleep-related breathing disorders. the organization's vision is achieving optimal health through better
of having absorbed varying degrees of overseas cultures and also different regional american cultures while living in different places as a part of the military brat lifestyle. bases do form communities, but due to most of them experiencing frequent 100% turnover in just a few years, an adult military brat can never return and find old friends, neighbors
an even higher turnover rate, reaching 100% turnover in as little as 2 years. due to revocation of base privileges upon reaching the age of 18 (or 23 if one attends college), access to bases to reminisce or reconnect with one's places of growing up can also be
chances for a gain in quebec, and ndp leader jack layton described him as having minister potential. on 2 may 2011, he was elected to the house of commons of canada with a substantial margin, defeating bloc quebecois incumbent thierry st-cyr. benskin was named the official opposition's critic for canadian heritage
he was dropped from the shadow cabinet after party leader thomas mulcair learned that benskin owed the quebec revenue agency $ 58,000 for unpaid taxes from 2007 to 2011. benskin apologized, attributing the non-payment to having precarious employment as an artist prior to becoming an mp.
of the c & o canal opened in 1830 up to seneca creek; the next segment opened from seneca to harpers ferry in 1833. this included a sizable turning basin, just west of the aqueduct, where canal boats could anchor or turn around. next to the aqueduct and lock is the lock keeper's house, also made from seneca red sandstone.
because of the canal, the nearby quarry operations, and additional mills on seneca creek, the town of seneca was an active working class community. in 1897, the steam packet boat anna wilson leaving the aqueduct, collided with a freight boat loaded with watermelons, and sank.
(190,000 l; 42,000 imp gal) of fuel for his vehicles. peiper advanced north-west towards bullingen, keeping to the plan to move west, unaware that if he had turned north he had an opportunity to flank and trap the entire 2nd and 99th divisions. instead, intent on driving west, peiper turned south to detour around hunningen, choosing a route designated rollbahn d as he had been given latitude
to the north, the 277th volksgrenadier division attempted to break through the defending line of the u.s. 99th and the 2nd infantry divisions.
splicing factor 3b subunit 3 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the sf3b3 gene. this gene encodes subunit 3 of the splicing factor 3b protein complex. splicing factor 3b, together with splicing factor 3a and a 12s rna unit, forms the u2 small nuclear ribonucleoproteins complex (u2 snrnp).
the splicing factor 3b / 3a complex binds pre-mrna upstream of the intron's branch site in a sequence independent manner and may anchor the u2 snrnp to the pre-mrna.
the plutonium gun was to receive the bulk of the research effort, as it was the project with the most uncertainty involved. it was assumed that the uranium gun-type bomb could then be adapted from it. in december 1943 hans bethe became head of the theoretical division.
- 239 produced by the hanford reactors had too high a level of background neutron radiation, and underwent spontaneous fission to a very small extent, due to the unexpected presence of plutonium-240 impurities. if such plutonium were used in a gun-type design, the chain reaction would start in the split second before the critical mass was fully assembled
other church groups on how to evangelize young people, including the "hippie" generation. one of these ideas included "music scenes," or "coffee houses." as mitchell began to see a lot of young people coming into his church, he started up these music services on friday and saturday nights. some of those who joined his church were talented musicians who even had professional experience related to playing in rock bands. this enabled mitchell to see even more young people come into his church as
the foursquare leadership agreed to allow mitchell to plant foursquare churches within mitchell's foursquare district, the southwest
john clavell (1601–1643) was a highwayman, author, lawyer, and doctor.
a recantation of an ill led life, and his play the soddered citizen. his life is mainly split into two parts: his early life in england, where he grew up, lived as a highwayman, and started his reformation, and the latter part of his life in england and ireland where he was a lawyer and physician. john clavell was the youngest of six children. he was baptized at wootton glanville and grew up in sherborne, england where he spent 18 years
fuel and ammunition were becoming critical. up to this point the german losses had been light, notably in armor, with the exception of peiper's losses. on the evening of 24 december, general hasso von manteuffel recommended to hitler's military adjutant a halt to all offensive operations and a
disagreement and confusion at the allied command prevented a strong response, throwing away the opportunity for a decisive action. in the center, on christmas eve, the 2nd armored division attempted to attack and cut off the spearheads of the 2nd panzer division at the meuse, while the units from the 4th cavalry group kept the
beluga airport (iata: bvu, icao: pabg, faa lid: blg) is a private use airport located in beluga, in the kenai peninsula borough of the u.s. state of alaska. it is privately owned by conoco phillips alaska (formerly arco alaska)
in calendar year 2008,2,410 enplanements in 2009, and 2,144 in 2010. although most u.s. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the faa and iata, this airport is assigned blg by the faa and bvu by the iata (which
many american officers had already grown to dislike montgomery, who was seen by them as an overly cautious commander, arrogant, and all too willing to say uncharitable things about the americans.
wrote: " not only was it probably a mistake to have held this conference at all in the sensitive state of feeling at the time, but what i said was skilfully distorted by the enemy. chester wilmot explained that his dispatch to the bbc about it was intercepted by the german wireless, re-written to give it an anti-american bias, and then broadcast by arnhem radio, which was then in goeb
wayman mitchell sent out a document to the churches that had left foursquare to be a part of his fellowship of churches, and the document stated that all the churches would be autonomous, own their church property, and determine their own destiny.
his fellowship not being a denomination. pastors were told to independently incorporate their churches. mitchell renamed his church the potter's house, and his organization is named christian fellowship ministries. mitchell had pastored the foursquare church in perth, west australia, which he had sent a couple to pioneer in 1978, and the man who pioneered the church named it the potters house.
sheikh abdussamad esfahani, (persian: شیخ عبدالصمد اصفهانی), also spelled abdul samad, ' abd al-samad, or abd-ul-samad, was a famous ilkhanid era sufi of the 13th century.
after abdussamad's death in 1299 ce, his disciple, the ilkhanid vizier zayn al-din mastaria, built a shrine in natanz in his honor.
asimov himself wrote two non-fiction books on the subject of the roman empire, aimed at the mass market and young readerships, the roman republic in 1966 and the roman empire in 1967, reflecting the positive view of the roman empire that then prevailed, as it was considered the prototype of the rising american empire.
release of the first star wars trilogy, another parallel to the roman empire that presents the negative view of the empire that became widely prevalent in late 20th and early 21st century popular culture as a result of the negative view of the american empire resulting from the vietnam war, asimov revisited his galactic empire and wrote further novels
- level domain names specific to the u.s. include. us,. edu,. gov,. mil,. as (american samoa),. gu (guam),. mp (northern mariana islands),. pr (puerto rico), and. vi (u.s. virgin islands
also use generic top-level domains, such as. com,. net,. org,. name, etc. access to the internet can be divided into dial-up and broadband access. around the start of the 21st century, most residential access was by dial-up, while access from businesses was usually
as a result, they made little progress throughout the battle.
was the fifteenth army, under general gustav-adolf von zangen. recently brought back up to strength and re-equipped after heavy fighting during operation market garden, it was located on the far north of the ardennes battlefield and tasked with holding u.s. forces in place, with the possibility of launching its own attack given favorable conditions. for the offensive to be successful, four criteria were deemed critical: the attack had to be a complete surprise; the weather conditions had to be poor to neutralize allied air superiority and the damage it could inflict on the german
1944 – the eruption of mount vesuvius in italy kills 26 people and causes thousands to flee their homes.
consultants leave yugoslavia in the first sign of the tito – stalin split. 1953 – an earthquake hits western turkey, killing 265 people. 1959 – the hawaii admission act is signed into law. 1962 – the evian accords end the algerian war of independence, which had begun in 1954.1965 – cosmonaut alexey leonov, leaving his spacecraft voskhod 2 for 12 minutes, becomes the first person to walk in space. 1967 – the supertanker torrey canyon runs aground off the cornish coast
the station acquired additional syndicated programs; wstr then became a charter affiliate of the united paramount network (upn) on january 16,1995. in 1996, sinclair communications (now sinclair broadcast group) acquired abry broadcasting's stations including wstr. in july 1997, sinclair signed an affiliation deal with the wb, that resulted in a number of the company's upn affiliates and independent stations
in january 1998, wstr switched affiliations with class a low-power station wbqc-ca (channel 25), with wstr becoming a wb affiliate while wbqc joined upn.
s heritage comes from an 11th-century family, the clavell family. the clavell's arrived in england with william the conqueror. john clavell's parents were frances and john clavell senior. clavell's father was plagued by a life of financial trouble; he borrowed money from his son-in-law robert freake, but never paid off the loan. he was said to have attended "spiritual court" for "moral bisheavior"; allegedly he engaged in an affair
clavell sr. played an important role in pardoning his son later in life.
a laughingstock "and" it's impossible to see how he can recover "the columbus dispatch said dann was" not fit to serve ", and the cincinnati enquirer called for dann's resignation. the plain dealer had previously reported that republicans said that if dann doesn't step down,
the ohio house could bring articles of impeachment while the ohio senate could hold a trial and serve as jury, according to the ohio constitution on the evening of may 5, democratic governor strickland issued a statement which appeared to support dann's impeachment should he decide not to resign.
prepare the bikini atoll for the nuclear tests, bikini's native residents were evicted from their homes and resettled on smaller, uninhabited islands where they were unable to sustain themselves. national leaders debated the impact of nuclear weapons on domestic and foreign policy. also involved in the debate about nuclear weapons policy was the scientific community, through professional associations such as the federation of atomic scientists and the pugwash conference on science and world affairs. radioactive fallout from nuclear weapons testing was first drawn to public attention in 1954 when a hydrogen bomb test in the pacific contaminated the crew of the japanese fishing
one of the fishermen died in japan seven months later.
stylidium section tenella is a taxonomic rank in the plant kingdom under stylidium subgenus andersonia.
published a taxonomic revision of subgenus andersonia and established this section to separate these eleven species based on morphological and cladistic analysis. this taxonomic rank is named after george bentham's series tenellae, which he established in his 1869 treatment of the family stylidiaceae. series tenellae was not used in johannes mildbraed's 1908 taxonomic monograph in which he completely revised the subgeneric taxonomy of the genus. mildbraed's treatment of the genus taxonomy is the general demarcation
if the proposed intervenor is concerned that the court's decision in a particular case might be so broad as to affect the proposed intervenor's interests;
be an intervention to ensure that the court's ruling does not have "accidental" unintended effects. it is often said that the role of intervenors is to "assist" the court in making a just decision on the dispute at hand. while it is true that judges sometimes do indicate that intervenors have been of aid to the court in reaching a decision, the use of the word "assist" can be seen as misleading in that it implies
in 1994, he started the band toy as a duo with yoon jeong-oh. but after releasing toy's first album, yoon left the band to study overseas and you joined the navy for his mandatory military service. since 1996, toy has continued as a one-man band with you as the sole member
then, you has rarely sung the songs in his albums and instead features guest vocalists such as kim yeon-woo, kim hyung-joong, lee jang-woo, yoon jong-shin, kim jang-hoon, jinu (also known as hitchhiker), and byeon jae
there may also be ex-officio members, or persons who are members by virtue of some other office or position they hold. ex-officio members have the same rights as other members.
' s rules of order newly revised identifies several types of deliberative assemblies. a mass meeting, which is an unorganized group meeting open to all individuals in a sector of the population who are interested in deliberating about a subject proposed by the meeting's sponsors. examples include meetings to discuss common political concerns or community interests. a local assembly of an organized society, which is a membership meeting of a local chapter or
a deliberative assembly is a gathering of members (of any kind of collective) who use parliamentary procedure to make decisions. in a speech to the electorate at bristol in 1774, edmund burke described the british parliament as a "deliberative assembly," and the expression became the basic term for a body of persons meeting to discuss and determine common action. robert's rules of order newly revised describes the following characteristics of a deliberative assembly: a group of people meets to discuss and make decisions on behalf of the entire membership.
they meet in a single room or area or under equivalent conditions of simultaneous aural communication.
in january 2004, dr a.q. khan of pakistan's programme confessed to having been a key mover in "proliferation activities", seen as part of an international proliferation network of materials, knowledge, and machines from pakistan to libya, iran, and north korea.
several the first claimed detonation was the 2006 north korean nuclear test, conducted on october 9,2006. on may 25,2009, north korea continued nuclear testing, violating united nations security council resolution 1718. a third test was conducted on 13 february 2013, two tests were conducted in 2016 in january and september, followed by test a year later in
, the aim of the government was to make a request to the united kingdom parliament — then the only body with the appropriate legal authority — to amend the constitution of canada, adding to it a domestic amendment formula (permitting canada to henceforth modify the constitution itself) and entrenching the canadian charter of rights and freedoms. "canada would have its own constitution, with a procedure for making future amendments to it, and with a charter of rights." initially, the federal government did not have support from the provincial governments. only ontario and new
the eight other canadian provinces eventually came to oppose the federal government's plan.
leap years) in the gregorian calendar. there are 288 days remaining until the end of the year. ad 37 – the roman senate annuls tiberius's will and proclaims caligula emperor. 633 – ridda wars: the arabian peninsula is united under the central authority of caliph abu bakr. 1068 – an earthquake in the levant and the arabian
1229 – frederick ii, holy roman emperor, declares himself king of jerusalem in the sixth crusade. 1241 – first mongol invasion of poland: mongols overwhelm polish armies in krakow in the battle of chmielnik and plunder the city.
of 800 men. the ii parachute corps was tasked with contributing 100 men from each of its regiments. in loyalty to their commander, 150 men from von der heydte's own unit, the 6th parachute regiment, went against orders and joined him. they had little time to establish any unit cohesion or train together. the parachute drop was a complete failure. von der heydte
too small and too weak to counter the allies, they abandoned plans to take the crossroads and instead converted the mission to reconnaissance. with only enough ammunition for a single fight, they withdrew towards germany and attacked the rear of the american lines.
however, as the individual children have attended civilian schools near base and socialized with their peers, this perceived difference may have reduced to varying degrees. patriotism may come to mean different things for different ex-military brats, but nevertheless figures strongly in the upbringing, language and thinking of many who grew up in military
the comfort, or sense of restriction, (or both) that can be found on military bases is not limited to the physical trappings, but can be fortified via some of the consistent rituals common to them. when moving around the world, these rituals can help brats feel at home in their new community.
on february 25,1929 she collided with german steamer ida blumenthal in the scheldt.
loated the next day. on april 16,1929 she was stuck with a broken rudder off the coast of nantucket during a heavy gale storm, but managed to get through. she lost her rudder again on march 10,1934, while on her way from le havre to mobile, she sailed into a strong storm about 125 miles east-northeast of ponta delgada in azores. she was saved by a steamer ss city of omaha who towed her for almost 4,000 miles to new orleans on september 14,1931
by the lawn tennis association to pay £500,000 towards the cost of murray's next coach, brad gilbert as a way of securing murray's long-term services for the davis cup team. in the event, murray played, winning his first singles. however he lost the doubles with jamie delgado, during
' s singles, and eventually great britain were beaten 3–2 to proceed to the relegation 2nd with murray and greg rusedski playing, great britain beat ukraine 3–2, to stay in group i. in the tie against the netherlands, murray and tim henman won the opening singles, then jamie murray
the involved armies count 63,222 losses from 10 december 1944 to 31 january 1945. the united states army center of military history's official numbers are 75,000 american casualties and 100,000 german casualties. german armored losses to all causes were between 527 and 554, with 324 tanks being lost in combat. of the german write-offs, 16–20 were tigers, 191–194 panthers, 141–158 panzer ivs, and 179–182 were tank destroyers and assault guns. the germans lost an additional 5
us losses alone over the same period were similarly heavy, totaling 733 tanks and tank destroyers.
in a "fallout" status for 18 months, and reach at least standard honors within a platoon (firing party, casket bearers, colors, or drill team). the navy ceremonial duty ribbon is also awarded to members of the naval reserve who complete at least 18 months of successful drills as members of the navy ceremonial
actual participation in ceremonies and funerals as casket bearers, firing party, color guard, ceremonial drill team, or as members of marching platoons. reserve members of the navy ceremonial guard are also bound by the same physical and military requirements as the active duty members and must maintain a discipline free record for the navy
supply the spanish fleet attacking dutch forces in september 1639, he pocketed £1000, and the king, £5000. by his own account he bargained with the ambassador to land soldiers from the spanish fleet at dunkirk, at thirty shillings a head, though public neutrality had been enjoined by charles. his relatives, the rich
although at christmas 1639, newport participated with the king in the extravagant masque on the theme of philogenes, royal "lover of the people", with the return of the long parliament the next year, newport by degrees joined the forces of opposition in the house of lords.
as a result, the start of the offensive was delayed from 27 november to 16 december. before the offensive the allies were virtually blind to german troop movement. during the liberation of france, the extensive network of the french resistance had provided valuable intelligence about german dispositions.
france, orders had been relayed within the german army using radio messages enciphered by the enigma machine, and these could be picked up and decrypted by allied code-breakers headquartered at bletchley park, to give the intelligence known as ultra. in germany such orders were typically transmitted using telephone and teleprinter, and a
in the telecommunication (broadcasting and cable) services (second) tariff (eighth amendment) order, 2007 (a revision of the earlier regulation issued on october 4,2007), broadcasters were ordered to offer all channels on an a la carte basis to cable providers.
this order took effect on december 1,2007. it also permitted packages to be offered along with a la carte. several broadcasters, such as star india, zee turner, set discovery and sun tv, challenged trai's order in the telecom disputes settlement appellate tribunal (tdsat). on january 15,2008, tdsat refused to grant a stay
popular places to visit for tourists or locals, their histories and legends contribute to the distinct culture that exists in toledo. there are various versions of this story, but the essence of the legend goes like this: there was a christian man, fernando, and a jewish woman, raquel, the daughter of samuel ha -
when the church bells rang ten, fernando would jump over the walls of raquel's family garden and sit with his love on the edge of the well. but one night, the father of raquel found out about the forbidden love of his daughter and the next night he sent an assassin to murder fernando.
a prominent republican accused dann of turning his office into a "raunchy frat party" and an associated press story compared his woes to former new york governor eliot spitzer and former kansas attorney general paul morrison, who resigned in january 2008 after admitting to a sexual affair with a former employee.
to resign saying his admission and punishment were enough. in the wake of these admissions a number of ohio papers called for dann to resign and the tribune chronicle even apologized to its readers for their endorsement of dann during the 2006 election. on may 4,2008, the three largest ohio newspapers ran editorials condemning dann
there were no injuries to the passengers.
local residents had "a ball" fishing out the watermelons floating in the basin. the canal closed in 1924 after ninety-six years in operation. a major flood in september 1971 took out the westernmost of the three arches. the national seneca aqueduct is part of the c & o canal national historic park and is administered by the national park service. the aqueduct is included in the seneca historic district in montgomery county, maryland.
freeman was born in aldershot, hampshire, the youngest of five children. his parents, philomena (nee norris) and geoffrey freeman, a naval officer, separated when freeman was a child. when freeman was 10 years old, his father died of a heart attack.
media studies. his older brother tim became a musician with the group frazier chorus. freeman attended the central school of speech and drama and has appeared in at least 18 tv shows, 14 theatre productions, and several radio productions. he is notable for his role as tim canterbury in the office, a role which, he said in 2004, " cast a
but as the relations between the two countries worsened the soviets reduced the amount of assistance and, in 1959, refused to donate a bomb for copying purposes.
this, the chinese made rapid progress and tested an atomic bomb on october 16,1964, at lop nur. they tested a nuclear missile on october 25,1966, and a hydrogen bomb on june 14,1967. chinese nuclear warheads were produced from 1968 and thermonuclear warheads from 1974. it is also thought that chinese warheads have been successfully miniaturised from 2200 kg to 700 kg through the use of designs obtained by espionage from
testing was used as a sign of both national and technological strength, but also raised questions about the safety of the tests, which released nuclear fallout into the atmosphere (most dramatically with the castle bravo test in 1954, but in more limited amounts with almost all atmospheric nuclear testing).
dubious), halts on testing were often called for as stand-ins for halts in the nuclear arms race itself, and many prominent scientists and statesmen lobbied for in 1958, the u.s., ussr, and the united kingdom (a new nuclear power) declared a temporary testing moratorium for both political and health reasons, but by
while primarily functioning as only residential spaces, page hall featured a smoking lounge as well as a shooting range. lerchen gymnasium, keppel gymnasium, and thompson oval were also constructed on the campus. in the 1960s, cranbrook school for boys also constructed a state-of-the-art science building named the gordon science center. realizing that young women would also need a place of their own to learn, booth's wife, ellen scripps booth pressured booth into building a school for girls.
mr. booth decided to let his wife supervise the project herself which she named the kingswood school cranbrook.
r under a local marketing agreement. the sale was completed on december 3,2012. the station's digital signal is multiplexed: from september 23,2010 to august 31,2012, wstr-tv aired thecooltv on its second digital subchannel. from june 30,2014 to december 5,2015, wstr-tv aired gettv on its
on october 31,2015, wstr-tv began to air sinclair's comet network on its third digital subchannel. on december 5,2015, wstr-tv began to air antenna tv on its second digital subchannel;
st. john acquired the license to publish comics based on the movie cartoons of producer paul terry.
, dinky duck, gandy goose, and little roquefort. the first such st. john comic was mighty mouse # 5 (aug. 1947), its numbering taken over from the timely run. the company expanded into licensed characters from another animation company, the joint paramount pictures-famous studios, which included the future harvey comics characters casper the friendly ghost (unnamed in his theatrical animated shorts to that time, and given his familiar designation in his eponymous comic-book's september 1949 premiere), baby huey (who premiered
william l. mccall was a pitcher in negro league baseball.
he played for the pittsburgh keystones, cleveland tate stars, birmingham black barons, kansas city monarchs, chicago american giants, indianapolis abcs, and detroit stars from 1922 to 1931.
mensah improved the manufacturing process through a series of innovations, raising the speed of manufacture to 20 meters per second by 1985. this made the cost of optical fiber comparable to traditional copper cables.
h received the corning glass works individual outstanding contributor award for this work in 1985. his work ultimately raised speed of manufacture above 50 m / s. mensah moved to bell laboratories in 1986, where he led a program to develop the first laser guided weapons for the us department of defense guided missile program which enabled the development of missiles that travel at the speed of sound (mach 1). this technology developed by mensah
she feels intruded on by the gesture, imagining it to be romantic only as an observer from far away.
attraction toward finn. at another puppet show, finn fails to control his puppet and is thrown to the floor by uncle philip, who despises him. satisfied that finn shall never be adept at working the puppets, uncle philip devises a new plan, drafting melanie to perform with the puppets. philip assigns finn to teach melanie how to act on stage for the future show. during this time, melanie notices a difference in finn's behaviour. whereas before he had been subtly rebellious, he now seems depleted of
research into military brats has consistently shown them to be better behaved than their civilian counterparts.
otheses as to why brats are better behaved: firstly, military parents have a lower threshold for misbehavior in their children; secondly, the mobility of teenagers might make them less likely to attract attention to themselves, as many want to fit in and are less secure with their surroundings; and thirdly, normative constraints are greater, with brats knowing that their behavior is under scrutiny and can affect the military member's career. teenage years are typically a period when people establish independence by taking some risks away from their
the heart of the hills is a 1914 silent short film directed by and starring wallace reid and costarring his wife dorothy davenport.
it was produced by the rex motion picture company and distributed through the universal film manufacturing company. wallace reid-dave the woodsman dorothy davenport-the government detective phil dunham-dave's brother ed brady-lucile wilson -
times article on the incident, joseph kane was home schooled and by age 9, could recite the bill of rights and carried a toy gun everywhere he went. according to sherriff kelly "the child had been taught not to trust law enforcement." insurance analyst j.j. macnab observed that kane ran a debt evasion business, traveling the country speaking on methods to " forestalling foreclosures
jerry kane also posted $ 10,000 bond (which a judge later ordered forfeited) on charges of forgery and attempted grand theft of a motor vehicle filed in miamisburg, ohio.
of foreign students pharmaceutical faculty faculty of dentistry faculty of postgraduate studies the university offers interns the opportunity to specialize in any of 25 areas — obstetrics and gynaecology, anaesthesiology and intensive therapy, internal medicine, dermatology, children’s anaesthesiology, children’s
11/1963) donat g. korchykov (11.18.1963 to 27.12.1966) irina josypivna tchaikovsky (from january 1967 to june 1975) anatoly faddeev (from 26.09.1975 to 08.15.1984) vladimir g.
realizing that the allies could destroy german forces much more easily when they were out in the open and on the offensive than if they were on the defensive, told his generals, " the present situation is to be regarded as one of opportunity for us and not of disaster. there will be only cheerful faces at this table.
, "hell, let's have the guts to let the bastards go all the way to paris. then, we'll really cut 'em off and chew' em up." eisenhower, after saying he was not that optimistic, asked patton how long it would take to turn his third army, located
had nuclear weapons and a policy of "massive retaliation" was carried out, it was reasoned, then any soviet forces not killed in the initial attack, or launched while the attack was ongoing, would be able to serve their own form of nuclear retaliation against the u.s. recognizing that this was an undesirable outcome, military officers and game theorists at the rand think tank developed a nuclear warfare strategy that was eventually called mutually assured destruction (mad). mad divided potential nuclear war into two stages: first strike
first strike meant the first use of nuclear weapons by one nuclear-equipped nation against another nuclear-equipped nation.
rockets could not, for example, threaten moscow with an immediate strike, and could only be used as tactical weapons (that is, for small-scale military situations). strategic weapons — weapons that could threaten an entire country — relied, for the time being, on long-range bombers that could penetrate deep into enemy
requirement led, in 1946, to creation of the strategic air command — a system of bombers headed by general curtis lemay (who previously presided over the firebombing of japan during wwii). in operations like chrome dome, sac kept nuclear-armed planes in the air 24 hours a day, ready for
these kind of stone dogs are preserved now in the museums.
hropomorphized stone dog: the people sanctify the stone dog to be a god and more humanized. this kind of stone dog has a stone face with exaggerated human facial features, especially the nose, mouth, eyes, eyebrow bone and so on. lionlike stone dog: these stone dogs have many of the features of lions. this type has a round head, sunken eyes, and rich facial expression like a lion's. in ancient times, leizhou city was china's most southern political, military, economic, cultural place of
many adult military brats call this "the itch". however, some adult military brats report the opposite tendency and relate refusing any and all pressures from spouses or employers to ever move again.
at some point in their lives with issues related to perfectionism and learning how to let go in areas of personal performance (perhaps due to the demanding nature of military culture). paradoxically, a majority of those very same military brats who report having struggled with perfectionism and performance control issues also describe themselves as being successful in their lives, indicating a resilience that also surfaces in overcoming or learning to manage those issues
tdsat overruled the broadcasters' objections. the agency later set aside trai's december 2007 tariff regime.
s order in the supreme court, and stated in proceedings on july 22,2010 that "in the analog, non-addressable environment, the authority is of the view that a la carte should not be made mandatory at the wholesale level as technological constraints in any case make it impossible for the benefits of a la carte provisioning to be passed on to subscribers". trai ordered that pay television customers in india must be given a free choice of channels rather than be forced to choose package deals,
the collapse of eastern military high command and the disintegration of pakistan as a result of the 1971 winter war, bhutto of pakistan launched scientific research on nuclear weapons. the indian test caused pakistan to india tested fission and perhaps fusion devices in 1998, and pakistan successfully tested fission devices that same year, raising concerns that they would use nuclear weapons on each other
all of the former soviet bloc countries with nuclear weapons (belarus, ukraine, and kazakhstan) returned their warheads to russia by 1996. south africa also had an active program to develop uranium-based nuclear weapons, but dismantled its nuclear weapon program in the 1990s.
a sexual harassment scandal arose during dann's tenure as attorney general, eventually leading to his resignation.
april 2008, dann placed communications director leo jennings on leave, pending the outcome of an ongoing investigation in his office. the investigation focused on allegations of sexual harassment, filed by two women cindy stankoski and vanessa stout, who worked in dann’s office under the supervision of anthony gutierrez. jennings joined anthony gutierrez, dann’s director of general services, on paid leave pending the outcome of the investigation. the female employees alleged gutierrez, who was paid $ 87,500 a year, repeatedly sexually harassed them
there, she meets her mute aunt margaret, who is mistreated by and terrified of her husband and only converses through notes.
s younger brothers francie, a fiddler, and the rakish finn. at first, uncle philip ignores melanie and her siblings as they are introduced to his bizarre puppet shows and she is made to work selling toys in the toyshop. meanwhile, finn and melanie grow closer until he takes her to a park which is the ruins of the national exhibition of 1852. there, after seeing a worn, fallen statue of queen victoria and walking across a chess board (only on the white squares
clavell attended brasenose college, oxford from 1619 to 1621. in 1621, he left the college without a degree. during this period, clavell is noted to have stolen a golden or silver plate. he was sentenced to time in jail, but was pardoned in april 1621 and released without
rized that his uncle sir william played a major role in his receiving the pardon, and that the theft is the reason clavell left brasenose without a degree. after he left school in 1621, clavell spent the next five years in london, where he lived a life of crime, poverty and
, and hitler hoped he could exploit this disunity. if the attack were to succeed in capturing antwerp, four complete armies would be trapped without supplies behind german lines. several senior german military officers, including generalfeldmarschall walter model and gerd von rundstedt, expressed concern as to whether the goals of the offensive
model and von rundstedt both believed aiming for antwerp was too ambitious, given germany's scarce resources in late 1944. at the same time, they felt that maintaining a purely defensive posture (as had been the case since normandy) would only delay defeat, not avert it.
the crew described the lake as looking like a mirror, with the sun reflecting brightly off the surface. these conditions make judging height above a surface considerably more difficult.
below 100 ft (30 m) until it struck the surface at 250 mph (400 km / h) and started skipping along it. three of the aircraft's four engines were ripped from its wings and the fourth burst into flames. the aircraft managed to gain around 250 ft (76 m) but then settled back onto the water's surface in a nose-up attitude and slowly skiing to a stop. the five-man crew then evacuated into two liferaf
tel both faced the prospect of being cut off. at dawn on 19 december, peiper surprised the american defenders of stoumont by sending infantry from the 2nd ss panzergrenadier regiment in an attack and a company of fallschirmjager to infiltrate their lines. he followed this with a panzer attack, gaining the eastern
an american tank battalion arrived but, after a two-hour tank battle, peiper finally captured stoumont at 10:30. knittel joined up with peiper and reported the americans had recaptured stavelot to their east. peiper ordered knittel to retake stavelot.
disproportionate anxiety about tiny hitches in troop movements, suggesting a tight timetable; the quadrupling of luftwaffe fighter forces in the west; and decrypts of japanese diplomatic signals from berlin to tokyo, mentioning "the coming offensive".
going beyond its job of amending and explaining german messages. drawing broad conclusions was for the intelligence staff at shaef, who had information from all sources, "including aerial reconnaissance. e.j.n. rose, head air adviser in hut 3, read the paper at the time and described it in 1998 as" an extremely good report "that" showed the
the americans' initial impression was that this was the anticipated, localized counterattack resulting from the allies' recent attack in the wahlerscheid sector to the north, where the 2nd division had knocked a sizable dent in the siegfried line. heavy snowstorms engulfed parts of the ardennes area.
the allied aircraft grounded, the weather also proved troublesome for the germans because poor road conditions hampered their advance. poor traffic control led to massive traffic jams and fuel shortages in forward units. in the center, von manteuffel's fifth panzer army attacked towards bastogne and st. vith, both road junctions
and cbs corporation announced that the two companies would shut down the wb and upn and combine the networks' respective programming to create a new "fifth" network called the cw. on february 22 of that year, news corporation announced the launch of a new "sixth" network called mynetworktv, which would be
and wb stations that were not mentioned as becoming cw affiliates another option besides converting to independent stations. wstr-tv discontinued regular programming on its analog signal, over uhf channel 64, on february 17,2009, as part of the federally mandated transition from analog to digital television (which was pushed back until june
, 366.00. on december 22,1931, waterman got approved for reconditioning loans from ussb for remodeling, improving and equipping four steamships that it acquired. all ships were assigned to mobile oceanic line. after completing the updates, the ship had been assessed 5
and after a stopover in mobile, she continued on to london and newcastle with a load of general cargo and a deckload of timber. after reaching london and unloading some of her cargo, she continued to newcastle on the evening of january 14,1936. during her trip, she ran into fog and around
mechthilde, first had recourse to prayer. she had a vision of christ holding in his hand the book of her revelations, and saying: "all this has been committed to writing by my will and inspiration; and, therefore you have no cause to be troubled about it." he also told her that he wished this book to be called the book of special grace, because it would prove
when the saint understood that the book would tend to god's glory, she ceased to be troubled, and even corrected the manuscript herself. some authorities believe that one of the authors was st. gertrude the great.
firewater is the fifth album by west coast hip hop group tha alkaholiks. the album was released on january 24,2006 through
in late 2004, the group announced that firewater would be their final album. the trio later reformed in 2011. the album features the single "the flute song (lalala)".
of the guys she meets in bars and on trains. she simply cannot engage in that kind of mindless double-talk any longer. beneath her boredom is genuine anger at the roles that single women are sometimes expected to play. while in biarritz she eavesdrops on a conversation about jules verne's novel le rayon ve
according to verne, when one sees a rare green flash at sunset, one's own thoughts and those of others are revealed as if by magic. at the biarritz railway station she meets a young man who is travelling to saint-jean-de-luz.
in 1956, france formed a secret committee for the military applications of atomic energy and a development program for delivery vehicles. with the return of charles de gaulle to the french presidency in 1958, final decisions to build a bomb were made, which led to a successful test in 1960. since then, france has developed and maintained its own nuclear deterrent independent of nato
in 1951, china and the soviet union signed an agreement whereby china supplied uranium ore in exchange for technical assistance in producing nuclear weapons. in 1953, china established a research program under the guise of civilian nuclear energy. throughout the 1950s the soviet union provided large amounts of equipment.
federal government to seek the consent of the provinces before asking the parliament of the united kingdom to modify the constitution? seven judges, a majority, found that the federal government had the legal authority to unilaterally seek the amendment of the constitution without consent of the provinces. as to the second matter, the judges unanimously agreed that constitutional conventions exist in canada, and a majority
however, that majority also argued that it was not the role of the courts to enforce constitutional conventions, stating that "... they are generally in conflict with the legal rules which they postulate and the courts are bound to enforce the legal rules."
26 july 1832) was a serbian politician, who began his career as knez during the ottoman period, participated in the serbian revolution (1804–17), and served as the president of the serbian supreme court. he was one of the closest collaborators of prince milos obrenovic. he was born in 1775 in the village of bobova (hence bobovac), in the "simic hamlet" (засеок
the simic brotherhood moved to valjevo's podgorina around the beginning of the 18th century from rudine near niksic, from the drobnjaci tribe.
in the number of nuclear weapons, as each side sought to ensure it possessed the firepower to destroy the opposition in all possible scenarios. early delivery systems for nuclear devices were primarily bombers like the united states b-29 superfortress and convair b-36, and later the b-52 stratof
rnher von braun's world war ii designs (specifically the v-2 rocket), were developed by both united states and soviet union teams (in the case of the u.s., effort was directed by the german scientists and engineers although the soviet union also made extensive use of captured german scientists,
sound of southern hip hop. "cookie coma" was produced by the alchemist, and contains a jazzy beat, with lush horns and upright bass. the style of production is inspired by boom bap production, with prominent sounding drums. hodgy ponders his own morality on the track, with self-reflective lines such as " i’m too legit for life, i should get a grip and die, fuckin ’ take a trip and fly,
"lately" has a nursery rhyme sounding hook, produced by flying lotus. "samurai" contains a melodic funky beat courtesy of jonti danimals.
as a nun, mechtilde was soon distinguished for her humility, her fervour, and that extreme amiability which had characterized her from childhood and which, like piety, seemed almost hereditary in her clan. she joined the convent and eventually became the headmistress of the convent school.
looking after the library, illuminating scripts, and writing her own texts in latin. mechtilde wrote many prayers. in 1261, the abbess committed to her care a child of five who was destined to shed glory and fame upon the monastery of helfta. this was gertrude who in later generations became known as
recovery act broadband initiatives program (bip): a one-time program that is now closed, the bip provided grants and loans to provide access to broadband services.
grants to assist rural communities expand, construct, purchase, or lease facilities and services to deploy expanded broadband internet access to all residential and business customers located within a service area and all participating critical community facilities, including funding for up to ten computer access points to be used in a community center. distance learning and telemedicine loan and grant program: provides grants and loans to support acquisition of advanced telecommunications technologies, instructional programming, and technical assistance to provide enhanced learning
, intervention is a procedure to allow a nonparty, called intervenor (also spelled intervener) to join ongoing litigation, either as a matter of right or at the discretion of the court, without the permission of the original litigants. the basic rationale for intervention is that a judgment in a particular case may affect the rights of nonparties, who ideally should have the right to be heard. intervenors are most common in appellate proceedings, but can also appear at other types of legal proceeding such as
in general, it is within the discretion of the court to allow or refuse an application to intervene.
attributes and experiences, military culture has a much higher incidence and concentration of these issues and experiences in military families as compared to civilian populations, and by tightly-knit military communities that perceive these experiences as normal. studies show that growing up immersed in military culture can have long-lasting effects on children, both in positive and
bases are often small cities with 10,000 or more people, and are self-contained worlds where military culture is primary and civilian culture is secondary. military families do not always live on base, but often do. military towns, the areas immediately surrounding a base, are also often highly influenced by military culture.
experts do not believe it actually tested such a weapon, though it later claimed it constructed several crude devices that it eventually dismantled. in the late 1970s american spy satellites detected a "brief, intense, double flash of light near the southern tip of africa."
it was speculated to have been a south african or possibly israeli nuclear weapons test, though some feel that it may have been caused by natural events or a detector malfunction. israel is widely believed to possess an arsenal of up to several hundred nuclear warheads, but this has never been officially confirmed or denied (though the existence of their dimona nuclear facility was confirmed by
might have had a "duty roster" on the refrigerator, parent-conducted room inspections, and children who say eighty percent of cold war-era brats described their father as "authoritarian" or desiring to exercise complete control over their lives. they described their military parent as rigid in discipline, inflexible, intolerant of dissent, disapproving of non-conforming behavior, insens
a cold war era military psychologist, publishing in the american journal of psychology, reviewed the parents of patients who came to his clinic, and concluded that 93% of patients came from military families that were overly authoritarian.
peiper detoured north towards the villages of la gleize and cheneux. at cheneux, the advance guard was attacked by american fighter-bombers, destroying two tanks and five halftracks, blocking the narrow road.
group began moving again at dusk at 16:00 and was able to return to its original route at around 18:00. of the two bridges remaining between kampfgruppe peiper and the meuse, the bridge over the lienne was blown by the americans as the germans approached. peiper turned north and halted his forces in the woods between la gleize and stoumont.
the british chancellor of the exchequer, gordon brown, invited spanton to his home near edinburgh and later wrote an article for the sun in which he praised spanton's efforts and those of other supporters of live 8 (2).
frankfurt in 66 days to arrive at the venue of england's first game in the 2006 football world cup. the number 66 was chosen to remind readers of england's world cup-winning year of 1966. spanton is also a keen amateur chess player. tournaments he has won include scunthorpe minor 1980, hastings weekend major 1990, isle of man major 1991, world open warm -
the allies stalled, german generalfeldmarschall (field marshal) gerd von rundstedt was able to reorganize the disrupted german armies into a coherent defence. field marshal montgomery's operation market garden achieved only some of its objectives, while its territorial gains left the allied supply situation stretched further than before. in october, the first canadian army fought the battle of the scheldt, opening the port of antwerp to shipping. as a result, by the end of october the supply situation had eased somewhat
despite a lull along the front after the scheldt battles, the german situation remained dire.
frantisek valosek (born 12 july 1937 in frydek-mistek) is a czech former football player who competed in the 1964 summer olympics.
he played club football in the 1950s and 60s for banik ostrava, for whom he scored 54 goals in 151 appearances.
the crisis was later seen as the closest the u.s. and the ussr ever came to nuclear war and had been narrowly averted by last-minute compromise by both superpowers.
installment of the first hotline, a direct link between the superpowers that allowed them to more easily discuss future military activities and political maneuverings. it had been made clear that missiles, bombers, submarines, and computerized firing systems made escalating any situation to armageddon far more easy than anybody desired. after stepping so close to the brink, both the u.s. and the ussr worked to reduce their nuclear tensions
beginning of her own mystic life it may have been from st. mechtilde that st. gertrude the great learnt that the marvellous gifts lavished upon her were from god. the lord would say to mechtild: "everything you have and by which you can please me you have from me and through me." in one extraordinary vision she perceived that " the smallest details of creation are reflected in the holy trinity by means of the humanity
while julian of norwich (1342-about 1416) is the most famous english author to employ the idea of god as mother, the concept did not originate with her.
samala sadasiva (1928–7 august 2012) was a telugu language poet and writer.
in telugupalle village in dahegaon mandal in komaram bheem asifabad and worked as a teacher. sadasiva wrote over 425 books in various languages and translated books into telugu from hindi, urdu, sanskrit, marathi, farsi, english and others. he was instrumental in including a lesson on girijan leader komaram bheem in the school syllabus in andhra pradesh. he earned a doctorate from potti sreeramulu telugu university in 1998 and kakatiya university
kim nam-joo (born april 15,1995), better known by the mononym namjoo, is a south korean singer and actress.
at age 13. kim joined cube entertainment through the 2010 cube party auditions and was one of the last apink members to be introduced before the group's debut. kim debuted with apink on mnet's m! countdown performing their songs "i don't know" (몰라요; mollayo) and "wishlist" which were included on their debut ep seven springs of apink on april 21,2011. she is
otterbach is a river of bavaria, germany.
it is a left tributary of the klosterbeurener bach in klosterbeuren.
her first job after graduation was as staff assistant in the u.s. house of representatives. she is a contributor to the washington times. she worked for the national republican congressional committee in 2010 and then was the spokeswoman for sandy adams in the 2012 congressional election.
following during the 2014 election cycle, boothe served as the senior director at the black rock group, a republican polling firm. she is the founder and president of high noon strategies, with extensive experience in political communications, and working with fortune 500 companies, and navigating crisis situations.
well overall in the profession. as adults, military brats can share many of the same positive and negative traits identified in other populations that experienced very mobile childhoods. having had the opportunity to live around the world, military brats can have a breadth of experiences unmatched by most teenagers. regardless of race, religion, nationality, or gender, brats might identify more with other highly mobile children than with non-mobile ones. military brat
on the negative side, studies show that some former military brats struggle to develop and maintain deep, lasting relationships, and can feel like outsiders to u.s. civilian culture.
however, he suffered a severe knee ligament injury against bristol rovers, and though he attempted a comeback the following year he struggled to regain form and fitness and subsequently retired from professional football at ninian park. he was awarded a testimonial in december 1984 when cardiff played aston villa.
after retiring, he trained as a physiotherapist and worked for cardiff city before setting up his own rehabilitation clinic in newport. source: with portsmouth football league fourth division fourth-place promotion: 1979–80 with cardiff city football league third division runner-up: 1982–83
richard veverka (born 20 december 1987) is a professional czech football player who currently plays for fk usti nad labem.
he finished among the top scorers in the 2009–10 czech 2. liga.
the united states is highly regulated, supported by a complex set of legally binding and privately mediated mechanisms. after a decade and half of ongoing contentious debate over content regulation, the country is still very far from reaching political consensus on the acceptable limits of free speech and the best means of protecting minors and policing illegal activity on the internet.
significant public resistance to proposed content restriction policies have prevented the more extreme measures used in some other countries from taking hold in the u.s. public dialogue, legislative debate, and judicial review have produced filtering strategies in the united states that are different from those found in most of the rest of the world.
death notice stated his parents lived at springfield dukes, chelmsford. he is buried at the churchyard of st mary the virgin at docking, norfolk. military cross (mc) t. / 2nd lt. cecil frederick king, gen. list and r.f.c. for conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty.
carried out a low reconnaissance, during which he engaged troops in a station, causing several casualties, fired into a body of the enemy entering a village from a height of 50 feet, attacked four gun limbers, causing the teams to stampede, and finally dived on to a parade of troops, who scattered in
bembina apicalis is a moth of the family erebidae first described by francis walker in 1865. it is found in india and sri lanka.
the caterpillar is known to feed on terminalia species.
ksiak (born december 21,1992) is a canadian ice hockey defenseman for the pittsburgh penguins of the national hockey league (nhl). oleksiak was selected 14th overall in the first round of the 2011 nhl entry draft by the dallas stars, the highest draft choice in northeastern university's history
. after his freshman season with the northeastern huskies, oleksiak decided to return to the canadian hockey league for further development, and on july 25,2011 the saginaw spirit announced that they had signed oleksiak to an ontario hockey league contract, and on october 6,2011, it was
the ultimate award authority for the navy ceremonial duty ribbon is the commanding officer of uss constitution, which is berthed at the charlestown navy yard.
ceremonial duty ribbon are denoted by bronze service stars, however only one award of the ribbon is authorized for each tour of duty. the navy ceremonial duty ribbon is presented to those members of the u.s. navy who, while stationed in washington, d.c., complete a standard tour of duty with the united states navy ceremonial guard. a standard tour is defined as at least two years of duty with no disciplinary action, above average evaluations, and adherence to physical and military
leptodactylodon bicolor is a species of frog in the family arthroleptidae. it is found in cameroon and nigeria.
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, rivers, intermittent rivers, rocky areas, and heavily degraded former forest. it is threatened by habitat loss.
little eva, audrey's lesser-known replacement, was added to the publishing schedule in 1952 after the audrey license passed on to harvey.
john published comic books of such gag strips as moon mullins and nancy, and of the nea syndicate's private detective adventure strip vic flint. this hardboiled fiction by the pseudonymous michael o'malley (writer ernest lynn and others) and artists ralph lane, dean miller, art sansom and john lane, was reprinted in the comic books vic flint (# 1–5?, aug. 1948 – april 1949); all but the first issue of fugitives from
ensuing action of 20 may 1811, the british defeated the french and captured two of their ships. racehorse was not heavily engaged, and suffered no casualties. in 1847 the admiralty authorized the issuance of the naval general service medal with clasp "off tamatave 20 may 1811" to the remaining survivors of that action.
capture of the nereide three days later. racehorse then sailed for the cape on 7 august. on 19 september she and astraea captured the french slaver brig eclair. on 5 january 1812 eclipse, with racehorse in company, took the lugger eliza with 145 slaves, which she sent to
rose to a peak position of number 3, charting behind g-dragon's own song "missing you". that week, "crayon" was the third best selling song and the second most streamed, with 363,647 downloads and 2,251,773 audio streams. the single remained
crayon "charted at number eight for two consecutive months. the single finished 2012 with 1,746,682 downloads sold and over 20 million streams. in the music video for" crayon ", g-dragon transforms himself into several characters: a doctor, a stylist, a
the quality of the images varies. older copies made from the original color transparency films tend to be inferior to the quality of the originals.
. c., displayed a curated exhibition, "searching for the seventies: the documerica photography project". curator bruce bustard selected a set of images from the documerica collection and arranged to reprint them from the original slides. the quality of the resulting color images was much higher than that of older color reprints, which had degraded. one hundred reprinted images from the documerica project were reprinted in the exhibition book searching for the seventies: the documerica photography project (
iraqis in norway make up approximately 32,304 people. they are mostly refugees from the iran – iraq war, the saddam regime and in particular the iraq war.
swedes, pakistanis and somalis. as of 1 january 2012, the norwegian statistisk sentralbyra reported that there were 28,935 iraqis in norway of which 21,784 are first generation immigrants and 7 151 are born in norway to two iraqi parents. due to a large iraqi population present in norway, many have integrated and married norwegians, as from 1996 to 2004,179 marriages were contracted between a resident iraqi man and
when george papandreou's socialist government took office in october 2009, louka katseli was appointed minister for the economy, competitiveness and shipping.
spend economic plan for george papandreou during his campaign that contributed to his popularity then, following a cabinet reshuffle in september 2010, she was appointed minister for labour and social security, on 20 october 2011, katseli was expelled from the ruling pasok by papandreou after she fulfilled a pledge and voted against a single article calling for the liberalisation of labour regulations, in a tight, heavily protested vote for an austerity program
the british tactics came to nought as switzerland won the doubles rubber as well, gaining an unassailable 3–0 lead after two days.
dead singles rubbers losing both of them, resulting in a clean sweep for switzerland. for the europe / africa zone group i tie against serbia and montenegro, murray had been suffering with a bacterial infection, so he was restricted to playing the doubles alongside greg rusedski, which they lost. with arvind parmar also losing in the singles, great britain were beaten 3–2. in the same week as the relegation 1st round play-off against israel, murray was
while at montpellier university in france, he took part in a program at the massachusetts institute of technology (mit) and received a certificate in modeling and simulation of chemical processes from mit in 1977. a year later, he graduated with his phd in chemical engineering from montpelier university.
products and chemicals from 1980 to 1983. in 1983, mensah joined corning glass works, working in fiber optics research at sullivan park, new york. researchers at corning had previously developed optical fiber with loss below the crucial attenuation limit of 20 db / km, but the fibers could not be manufactured at rates higher than 2 meters
for his role as the executive producer of the nationally syndicated secrets of new york as well one emmy for his role as executive producer of the feature documentary film "back door channels: the price of peace" which featured former u.s. president jimmy carter, former secretary-general of the u.n. boutros boutros-ghali, dr. henry kissinger, the former u.s. secretary of state and cnn's wolf blitzer,
the film deals with the 1979 peace treaty between israel and egypt and the unlikely circumstances and behind-the scenes jockeying that led to its coming to fruition.
program headed by werner heisenberg, the government had not made a significant investment in the project, and it had been nowhere near success. similarly, japan's efforts at developing a nuclear weapon were starved of resources. the japanese navy lost interest when a committee led by yoshio nishina concluded in 1943 that " it would probably be difficult even for the united states to realize
historians claim to have found a rough schematic showing a nazi nuclear bomb. in march 1945, a german scientific team was directed by the physicist kurt diebner to develop a primitive nuclear device in ohrdruf, thuringia.
in the u.s., proponents have argued that the model would deliver lower prices, while opponents maintain that bundling offers more customer value and program diversity.
been required by law since december 2016. the legislation dates back to at least 2012 when the canadian radio-television and telecommunications commission (crtc) ruled that consumers should be able to subscribe to individual channels, but the fewer channels purchased, the higher the cost for each one. no timeline was set. in october 2013, industry minister james moore said that canadians "shouldn't have to pay for bundled television channels they don't watch" and indicated that the
, a tennis coach, 6–0,6–0,6–0, the last time a briton had achieved this score line in davis cup was alan mills defeating josef offenheim in 1959, also against luxembourg. andy and jamie murray teamed up for the first time in davis cup doubles for a straight
, andy then recorded a third straight sets victory, over no. 81 gilles muller, with great britain eventually winning 4–1. three of hungary's top four players were not available for the great britain vs hungary tie, so murray defeated sebo kiss, a law student without a ranking, in his first
among the daughters of the rupave and supave was porasy, notable for sacrificing her own life in order to rid the world of one of the seven legendary monsters, diminishing their power (and thus the power of evil as a whole). several of the first humans were considered to have ascended upon their deaths and become minor deities.
kerana, the beautiful daughter of marangatu, was captured by the personification or spirit of evil called tau. together the two had seven sons who were cursed of the high goddess arasy, and all but one were born as hideous monsters.
on september 21,2009, wstr reintroduced its 1990s brand, dropping the "my" branding in favor of "star 64", while keeping the network's logo color and style scheme.
became a syndication service. on may 15,2012, sinclair broadcast group and fox agreed to a five-year affiliation agreement extension for sinclair's then-19 fox-affiliated stations until 2017. this included an option, exercisable between july 1,2012 and march 31,2013, for fox's then-parent news corporation to buy a combination of six sinclair-owned stations (two cw / mynetwork
as built, the ship was 410 feet 0 inches (124.97 m) long (between perpendiculars) and 54 feet 0 inches (16.46 m) abeam, a mean draft of 23 feet 11 ¹⁄₄ inches (7.296 m).
ka was assessed at 5,940 grt, 3,429 nrt and 8,374 dwt. the vessel had a steel hull, and a single 422 nhp triple-expansion steam engine that drove a single screw propeller, and moved the ship at up to 10.5 knots (12.1 mph; 19.4 km /
his message of divine unity (tawhid) focused on the themes of love, harmony and beauty.
book rendered religion devoid of spirit. branches of inayat khan's movement can be found in the netherlands, france, england, germany, the united states, canada, russia and australia. in his various written works, such as the music of life and the mysticism of sound and music, inayat khan interlocks his passion for music with his sufi ideologies making a compelling argument for music as the harmonious thread of the universe. "hazrat" is an honorific title meaning, roughly,
lpuddle, dorset, england are sentenced to be transported to australia for forming a trade union. 1848 – march revolution: in berlin there is a struggle between citizens and military, costing about 300 lives. 1850 – american express is founded by henry wells and william fargo. 1852 – wells fargo & company is founded by henry wells and william fargo. 1865 – american civil war: the congress of the confederate states adjourns
1871 – declaration of the paris commune; president of the french republic, adolphe thiers, orders the evacuation of paris. 1874 – hawaii signs a treaty with the united states granting exclusive trade rights.
lloyd's list №4815. hepper (1994), p. 157. gossett (1986), p. 100. gleeson (2014), pp. 23-27,69. references colledge, j.j.;
2006) [1969]. ships of the royal navy: the complete record of all fighting ships of the royal navy (rev. ed.). london: chatham publishing. isbn 978-1-86176-281-8. oclc 67375475. gossett, william patrick (1986) the lost ships of the royal navy, 1793
over time the local peoples gradually mixed together and were influenced one another. their previous mascots and totems had been changed or integrated with each other. eventually they reached a consensus on regarding the dog as their mascot in leizhou peninsula. from then on the worship of dogs become the origin of stone dogs culture.
gines in leizhou peninsula thought dogs had abundant fertility, especially the ability to give birth to male dogs. in ancient times chinese people focused on the fertility not of the land, but of the people farming it. many of stone dogs in the leizhou peninsula have gigantic penises as a symbol of blessings for
king joined the royal flying corps in february, 1917. in the fall of 1917, he was assigned to no. 43 squadron rfc to fly sopwith camels.
in conjunction with fellow ace lieutenant william maclanachan, he drove down an albatros d. iii out of control on 12 november 1917. king did not score again until february 1918; in the latter half of the month, he ran off a string of three more enemy craft driven down out of control, then became an ace by destroying an albatros d. v on the 26th. by march 1918, he had advanced to b flight commander.
and brian eno with performances by byrne. in addition to being a retrospective of the duo's collaborations, the tour promoted the album everything that happens will happen today. the musical performers were accompanied by dancers who were choreographed to several songs. performances were held across the world and later documented on a tour ep and a concert film. byrne assembled a band to tour for the album
he hired more singers than he had on previous tours to reproduce the complex vocal harmonies of the album and was inspired to bring along dancers after seeing sufjan stevens promote the album illinois as well as the japanese films funky forest and the taste of tea.
since base housing is designed for fewer families, more families are forced to live off-base. military personnel are now being supplemented by more civilians filling essential roles, and the introduction of large megabases that intermesh different service branches and their individual cultures has also affected the demographics.
during the post-cold war period, the united states has been involved in three extended military engagements (two in iraq and one in afghanistan). the long-term effects of these changes are unknown, but research has been conducted on short-term effects on post-cold war-era brats. today's military brat faces some additional
st anselm of canterbury (1033-1109) had already fostered devotion to 'our lord, our mother' in his widely used orationes. the cistercians and carthusians spread it by the use of these prayers in their monasteries;
marguerite d'oyngt (d. 1310) and mechthild of hackeborn took it up. in the description of her visions mechthild von hackeborn appears throughout as a person of even temper and great sweetness of disposition. in her revelations christ, the virgin, and other members of the hierarchy of heaven enter
"distorted or not, i think now that i should never have held that press conference. so great were the feelings against me on the part of the american generals that whatever i said was bound to be wrong. i should therefore have said nothing." eisenhower commented in his own memoirs: "i doubt if montgomery ever came to realize how resentful some american commanders were. they believed he had belittled them — and they were not slow to voice reciprocal scorn and contempt." bradley and patton both threatened to resign unless montgomery '
eisenhower, encouraged by his british deputy arthur tedder, had decided to sack montgomery.
a day later, however, the soviets sent another message, this time demanding that the u.s. remove its missiles from turkey before any missiles were withdrawn from cuba.
neared the quarantine zone. kennedy responded by accepting the first deal publicly, and sending his brother robert to the soviet embassy to accept the second deal privately. on october 28, the soviet ships stopped at the quarantine line and, after some hesitation, turned back towards the soviet union. khrushchev announced that he had ordered the removal of all missiles in cuba, and u.s. secretary of state dean rusk was moved to comment
three tanks attempted to take the bridge, but the lead vehicle was disabled by a mine. following this, 60 grenadiers advanced forward but were stopped by concentrated american defensive fire.
a fierce tank battle the next day, the germans finally entered the town when u.s. engineers failed to blow the bridge. capitalizing on his success and not wanting to lose more time, peiper rushed an advance group toward the vital bridge at trois-ponts, leaving the bulk of his strength in stavelot. when they reached it at 11:30 on 18 december, retreating u.s. engineers blew it up.
this was murray's first victory over federer in the best of five sets format.
won silver in the mixed doubles. in his fifth major final appearance, at the 2012 us open, he defeated novak djokovic in five sets. by winning his first major final at the fifth attempt, he again emulated his coach ivan lendl, who also needed five major final appearances to win his maiden grand slam tournament. his victory over djokovic took four hours and fifty four minutes, equal to the 1988 us open final between ivan lendl and mats wilander as the longest u.s. open singles final in terms of
billingham's funeral was held at landy field and was attended by former olympians, including ron clarke.
in 2007 billingham was one of a number of geelong sporting personalities to be unveiled in the federally funded geelong city council, geelong legends plaza, built at the western entrance to the geelong football club at kardinia park. the plaza included another athletic icon in john landy.
a stationary component may be used in combination with the rotor, and is referred to as the stator. the stator creates a close-clearance gap between the rotor and itself and forms an extremely high-shear zone for the material as it exits the rotor.
the rotor and stator combined together are often referred to as the mixing head, or generator. a large high-shear rotor – stator mixer may contain a number of generators. key design factors include the diameter of the rotor and its rotational speed, the distance between the rotor and the stator, the time in the mixer, and the number of generators in the
stone dogs were also considered auspicious animals. it is believed that they can bring rain for the farms. the people believe rainwater is charity from god, so the rain-praying ceremony would be held at fixed time, especially in case of drought. it originates from a legend that a thousand years ago, a severe drought hit leizhou peninsula and a wizard told people all the sufferings resulted from the mischief of the immortal sun. only the heavenly dog could make the powerful bark to scare off the immortal sun.
in chinese myths, there is a story about a heavenly dog eating the sun and bringing rain to the people.
him haji, passing through a nearby road, tries to contact roy, but soon realizes that the young journalist is dead. he then tells basheer to turn the car, but soon gets to see shetty, who fatally shoots down him for trespassing through his territory. it is later seen that basheer has betrayed haji, as he is seen hugging
haji's assassination comes as a serious blow to his party. the chief minister (janardhanan) appoints mohammed sarkar (suresh gopi), an ips officer in tripura cadre, as the superintendent of police to investigate the assassination.
known, non-terrestrial channels. fox, for example, obtained distribution for fx; nbc for cnbc. hence, bundling has not been just a marketing choice for distributors, but a contractual obligation. industry resistance to a la carte programming in the u.s. has been entrenched even during downturns. in 2011, for example, a combined loss of 1.2 million subscribers to comcast and time warner cable prompted rumors that program
cable analyst craig moffett argued that a modified a la carte model, consisting of smaller programming tiers, was more economically feasible for distributors and customers alike.
students may also elect to take courses in broadcast journalism.
andra day, singer megan good, actress jane granby, artist christian hoff, 2006 tony award winner ananda lewis, television personality james maslow, actor sara ramirez, tony award-winning actress giovonnie samuels, actress brian justin crum, singer
george chichester, 3rd marquess of donegall, edward chichester, 4th marquess of donegall, and lord arthur chichester were his brothers. chichester was returned to parliament as one of two representatives for belfast in 1845, a seat he held until 1852. he spoke once in the house of commons, in 1850, where he protested to the speaker that he and several other mp's had missed a vote because the bell in the room in which they were waiting was broken
chichester married caroline, daughter of henry bevan in 1844. he died in april 1873, aged 61. his wife survived him by ten years and died in december 1883.
potamotrygonocotyle is a genus of monogeneans that parasitise stingrays of the genus potamotrygon.
1981 the genus contained only one member, p. tsalickisi, until four new species were described in 2007. p. chisholmae domingues & marques, 2007 p. dromedarius domingues & marques, 2007 p. eurypotamoxenus domingues & marques, 2007 p. tsalickisi mayes, brooks & thorson, 1981 p. uruguayensis domingues & marques, 2007
to the first team in the big sky conference three times. the arizona cardinals signed bauman to their practice squad on october 28,2014. bauman was cut by the cardinals on november 11,2014. he was re-signed to the practice squad on december 16,2014. on may 5,2015, he
bauman scored a touchdown on what was called the "most bizarre td of early nfl preseason" in a game against the minnesota vikings. the play highlighted the rule that the center's snap to the quarterback is considered a backward pass and not a handoff, therefore the dropped ball was not a fumble and could
mby's prominent employers include: tolko industries, rouck brothers sawmill, super a grocery, irly building centres, mac's convenience stores, fields, lumby hotel and blue ox pub. annually, the "lumby days" family fair takes place in the beginning of summer, attracting many people from around the valley. on 8 october 2014 a wwii-era japanese balloon bomb was discovered in the mountains near lumby by forestry workers. the next day, they reported it to the rcmp
it was then disposed of on site using explosives, as it was too dangerous to move it.
discoveries in a televised address. he announced a naval blockade around cuba that would turn back soviet nuclear shipments, and warned that the military was prepared "for any eventualities." the missiles had 2,400 mile (4,000 km) range, and would allow the soviet union to quickly destroy many major american cities
seemingly poised over the beginnings of a third world war. khrushchev's ambitions for putting the weapons on the island were motivated in part by the fact that the u.s. had stationed similar weapons in britain, italy, and nearby turkey, and had previously attempted to sponsor an invasion of cuba the
united states military brats are the most mobile of the "third culture kids", moving on average every three years.
frequently between bases in the united states and typically spend at least three years abroad. sociologist morten ender conducted the largest scientific study to date exclusively on career military brats (those who had at least one parent in the military from birth through high school). he interviewed and sent questionnaires to over 600 brats who belonged to various brat organizations and responded to his newspaper and internet ads. his study revealed that 97% lived in at least one foreign country, 63% in two, 31% in
the dublin city exiles are an irish rugby league team from dublin, ireland. the exiles play in the leinster conference of the irish elite league. they play their home games at lakelands park in terenure.
few australian guys based in ireland decided to compete in the local rli competition. the first season in 2001 saw the team training in the phoenix park, the instigator of the movement was ben rigby (zuu & ankorr) an effervescent front rower. other key people in this movement were marty burke, mick snell, harley maraki, scott griggs, steve s
touted as "an original full-length novel" on its cover, the book by pseudonymous writer "drake waller" (arnold drake and leslie waller), penciler matt baker and inker ray osrin, was sold at newsstands.
it proved successful enough to lead to an unrelated second picture novel, the case of the winking buddha, by pulp novelist manning lee stokes and illustrator charles raab.
he became the administrator to his father's estate. in 1625 he married his first wife, joyce. it is believed that she was of low standing and little inheritance; in the second edition of "a recantation of an ill led life" clavell appealed to his mother and sister to accept joyce as
1625 clavell was imprisoned in king's bench prison as a convicted felon. in 1627 he was apprehended, found guilty and sentenced to death. it is said that he owed his pardon in 1627 to the king and queen. eventually, clavell found his way to ireland
central imenti is an electoral constituency in kenya. it is one of nine constituencies of meru county. it has eight wards, all of which elect councillors for the meru central county council.
the constituency was established for the 1988 elections. central imenti was one of three constituencies of the former meru central district.
national guard families are not as familiar with military culture. they are physically separated from other military families, meaning they may get less emotional support during wartime, and may not be as emotionally prepared for active-duty deployment.
as readily available to reservist families. operation: military kids teaches "suddenly military" brats about military culture and expectations. children of reservist soldiers also don't share the highly mobile aspect of "regular service" military brat life. they may, however, still develop feelings of difference or isolation in relation to non-military children or teenagers in their home towns, due to war -
aimed at crushing what was left of german resistance on the eastern front and thereby opening the way to berlin. it was hoped that soviet leader stalin would delay the start of the operation once the german assault in the ardennes had begun and wait for the outcome before continuing. after the 20 july attempt on hitler's life
to berlin, hitler travelled on his fuhrersonderzug ("special train of the fuhrer" (leader)) to giessen on 11 december, taking up residence in the adlerhorst (eyrie) command complex, co-located with ob west's base at kran
he was promoted to the active roster on december 22,2016. keyes was inactive for the falcons' 34-28 overtime loss to the new england patriots in the super bowl.
he was released on september 11,2017. on october 16,2017, keyes signed with the los he was waived on november 7,2017. on november 8,2017, keyes was claimed off waivers by the cleveland browns. on march 20,2018, keyes signed with the houston texans. he was waived on september 1,2018. keyes signed with the washington redskins on september 5,2018, but was waived on september 11
with the spirit out of contention during the 2011–12 season, oleksiak was traded to the title contending niagara icedogs on january 10,2012. on january 30,2013, the dallas stars called up oleksiak from the texas stars of the american hockey league.
calgary flames. on october 28,2014, oleksiak scored his first career nhl goal against the st. louis blues in a 4–3 loss. he'd finish the season with 8 points in 36 games. oleksiak's first full season in the nhl with dallas was the 2016–17 season.
device yielded 15 megatons, more than twice its expected yield, and became the worst radiological disaster in u.s. history. the combination of the unexpectedly large blast and poor weather conditions caused a cloud of radioactive nuclear fallout to contaminate over 7,000 square miles (18,000 km²). 239 marshall island natives and 28 americans were exposed to significant amounts of radiation, resulting in elevated levels of cancer and birth defects in the years to
the crew of the japanese tuna-fishing boat lucky dragon 5, who had been fishing just outside the exclusion zone, returned to port suffering from radiation sickness and skin burns;
on may 10–11,1945, the target committee at los alamos, led by oppenheimer, recommended kyoto, hiroshima, yokohama, and kokura as possible targets.
replaced by nagasaki. on august 6,1945, a uranium-based weapon, little boy, was detonated above the japanese city of hiroshima, and three days later, a plutonium-based weapon, fat man, was detonated above the japanese city of nagasaki. to date, hiroshima and nagasaki remain the only two instances of nuclear weapons being used in combat. the atomic raids killed at least one hundred thousand japanese civilians and military personnel outright, with the
actor and comedian, who became known for portraying tim canterbury in the original uk version of sitcom mockumentary the office, dr. john watson in the british crime drama sherlock, bilbo baggins in peter jackson's the hobbit film trilogy, and lester nygaard in the dark comedy-crime drama
- improvised comedy nativity! (2009), the comedic three flavours cornetto trilogy, most prominently in the sci-fi comedy the world's end (2013), and his portrayal of everett k. ross in the marvel films captain america: civil war (2016) and black panther (2018)
more information on these partnerships can be reached through: www. dhbbank. com, www. bankpozitif. com. tr, www. demirbank. kg. dr cingillioglu holds phd and mba degrees in finance from universities in the usa, both from kennedy western university
an honorary doctorate degree in finance by the senate of erciyes university in turkey. aside his native turkish language, he speaks french and english fluently. based on his contributions to the society and the development of business environment in turkey dr cıngıllıoglu holds a state high service medal,
the student is forced to join classes that have already begun. social groups become even more difficult to break into, and activities that the student enjoyed may be barred to him or her. for example, an athlete may not be able to join his or her sport because they missed tryouts and the season had already begun.
student who excelled at their old dodds or ddess school suddenly feels inadequate at the larger school. recent studies, however, show that mobility during the school year may be less traumatic than summertime moves. dodds schools overseas and ddess schools in the united states tend to be smaller than many public schools.
at the same time, the party undergoes a fast headed by kunjalavi mla (augustine), which results in a serious rift between the police officers and party workers.
v as narendra shetty narendra prasad as rahim haji janardhanan as chief minister of kerala n.f. varghese as inspector panicker biju menon as inspector gregory maniyan pillai raju as inspector gurumurthy k.b. ganesh kumar as roy alex saikumar as shivaram mohan jose as basheer bheeman raghu as chakrapani kozhikode narayanan nair as thaahir
were to obtain authorization to assign the highest priority aaa rating on necessary procurements, and to order the purchase of all 1,250 tons of the shinkolobwe ore. the tube alloys project was quickly overtaken by the u.s. effort and after roosevelt and churchill signed the quebec agreement in 1943, it was relocated and amalgamated into the manhattan
with a scientific team led by j. robert oppenheimer, the manhattan project brought together some of the top scientific minds of the day, including many exiles from europe, with the production power of american industry for the goal of producing fission-based explosive devices before germany.
earlier, james ward overcame sickness to beat the hungarian no 1, then colin fleming and ross hutchins won the doubles, and great britain was promoted into europe / africa zone group i for the first time since 2009. afterwards, murray criticised the tournament schedule and cast doubt on his availability for next year's davis cup
murray intended to play in the europe / africa zone group i tie against slovakia, but was prevented by injury concerns after the australian open. in any event, great britain won 3–2. by 2013, great britain's other tennis players had earned the team a chance to return to the world group.
for every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 126.3 males. the median income for a household in the village was $ 21,500, and the median income for a family was $ 42,083.
males had a median income of $ 43,333 versus $ 18,750 for females. the per capita income for the city was $ 14,714. there were 9.7% of families and 16.0% of the population living below the poverty line, including 8.5% of under eighteens and 18.2% of those over 64.
other ministers included chan youran, mak ben, in sopheap, kor bun heng, pich cheang and chuon choeun.
official ieng sary defected from the kr with two armed divisions and the formation of his own party, the democratic national union movement, which in turn encouraged more defections from the kr as pol pot ordered the assassinations of son sen (which was successful) and ta mok (which was not.) in mid-june 1997 khieu samphan (who had by now founded the khmer national solidarity party) denounced pol pot and
it is widely experienced as being pervaded by military cultural norms and expectations, as well as the presence of military police or their other military security forces equivalents, armed guards, high security zones and some degree of surveillance.
aircraft and attendant noise, or seaports with large numbers of naval vessels. balancing this are extensive areas which are more relaxed in character, for on-base housing, shopping, dining, recreation, sports and entertainment, as well as base chapels which host diverse religious services. however, military regulations, laws and social codes of conduct are in force throughout the base, which can be very different from local,
the school continues to be known for its apprenticeship method of teaching, in which a small group of students, usually only 10 to 16 per class (150 students for the total of ten departments), study under a single artist-in-residence for the duration of their curriculum.
unusual because there are no "courses": all learning is self-directed under the guidance and supervision of the respective artist-in-residence. beginning in 1983, a major exhibition of works by cranbrook's faculty and graduates, entitled "design in america: the cranbrook vision 1925–1950", toured major museums in the united
as well as honouring the player of the year the awards night also recognises the premier player in each position, the best coach, the best captain, representative player of the year and the most outstanding rookie of the season. the awards night and player of the year medal are named in honour of former australian rugby league great herbert henry "dally" messenger. the top try-scorer and top point-scorer tallies are made at the end of the last round of the regular season and hence may be different to the overall top-scorers by the end of the finals.
team of the year
short duration of residence in norway (80 per cent have lived in norway less than 10 years). according to a statistics norway report in 2017 ordered by immigration minister sylvi listhaug investigating crime among immigrants in the 2010-2013 period, it was found iraqis, together with somalis, iranians and
population (45 out of 1000). over-representation of iraqi perpetrators remained after gender balance, age distribution, city of residence and employment was taken adjusted for at 90 out of 1000. nora foss al-jabri, child singer (iraqi father and norwegian mother) namaa alward, actress mullah
the late vladimir sergeevich zemskov, an internationally famous oncologist and surgeon in kiev;
trauma surgeon who was himself rector of lsmu from 2003 to 2014; and tatiana tkachuk, a specialist in gynaecological oncology who has authored numerous scientific papers. laureate of the state prize of ukraine-md professor vk ivchenko, md professor vg koveshnikov academics high school ukraine-md professor koveshnikov vg, md professor v. frolov honored worker of science of ukraine-md professor vk ivchenko, md professor koveshnikov v
with two divisions within 48 hours. unknown to the other officers present, before he left patton had ordered his staff to prepare three contingency plans for a northward turn in at least corps strength. by the time eisenhower asked him how long it would take, the movement was already underway. on 20 december, eisenhower removed the first and ninth u.s. armies from gen. bradley's 12th army group and placed them under
by 21 december the germans had surrounded bastogne, which was defended by the 101st airborne division, the all african american 969th artillery battalion, and combat command b of the 10th armored division.
this book should not be confused with edmund crispin's novel the moving toyshop.
and her own sexuality. the novel starts with melanie stealing her mother's wedding dress and venturing out in the night into her family's property. however, on her way home, she realises she forgot the door key and is forced to climb up a tree to get back into her room, destroying the dress in the process. the next morning, melanie learns of the unexpected deaths of her parents in a plane crash over the grand canyon, and she and her two siblings – victoria and jonathon – are moved to south london
premiers the brisbane broncos travelled to england to play the super league champions in the 2007 world club challenge. the 2007 nrl season kicked off on friday 16 march 2007 with eight games to be played in each round. the 2007 season saw the return of monday night football, which helped the nrl to set new first round aggregate
saw two matches at brisbane's suncorp stadium, one featured reigning champions brisbane playing fellow queensland side the cowboys, while the second match introduced the newest club to be admitted to the competition, the gold coast titans. the north queensland cowboys' jason smith was the nrl's oldest player in 2007 at 35 years
then montgomery described the course of the battle for a half-hour.
he had "employed the whole available power of the british group of armies; this power was brought into play very gradually... finally it was put into battle with a bang... you thus have the picture of british troops fighting on both sides of the americans who have suffered a hard blow." he stated that he (i.e., the german) was " headed off... seen off... and... written off... the battle has been the most interesting, i think possibly one of the most interesting
the first fusion bomb was tested by the united states in operation ivy on november 1,1952, on elugelab island in the enewetak (or eniwetok) atoll of the marshall islands, code-named "mike."
fusion fuel and a large fission weapon as its trigger. the device was a prototype design and not a deliverable weapon: standing over 20 ft (6 m) high and weighing at least 140,000 lb (64 t) (its refrigeration equipment added an additional 24,000 lb (11,000 kg) as well), it could not have been dropped
kubert, co-creator with the brothers norman maurer and leonard maurer, it sold an exceptional 1.2 million copies at 25 cents apiece at a time when comics cost a dime. st. john also published the second 3-d comic, the aptly named 3-d comics, the single issue of which incongruously billed itself as "world's first!" other st. john comic books included the first movie-comedian tie-in series, abbott and costello
one of the first proto-graphic novels, the 25-cent "picture novel" it rhymes with lust (1950);
reference re resolution to amend the constitution – also known as the patriation reference – is a historic supreme court of canada reference case that occurred during negotiations for the patriation of the constitution of canada.
court affirmed the existence of an unwritten dimension to the constitution and the majority held that by constitutional convention, amendments to the constitution require a substantial degree of provincial consent. however, a differently-constituted majority of the court held that there was no legal barrier to the federal government seeking a constitutional amendment without any provincial consent. under the leadership of prime minister pierre elliot trudeau, the federal government of canada sought to patriate the constitution
2003 in murfreesboro, tennessee. the primary campus of daymar college is located in clarksville, tennessee. in 2001 daymar opened a branch campus in louisville, kentucky, and in 2008 an online campus was created for distance learners. daymar college maintains 5 campuses in kentucky, ohio and tennessee. daymar college offers both one-and two-year programs, as well as bachelor's degree programs in
virginia johnson, first woman to seek the office of governor of arkansas gary painter, sheriff of midland county, texas, since 1985 daymar college campuses are overseen by their corporate parent entity daymar colleges group.
rough fuzzy hybridization is a method of hybrid intelligent system or soft computing, where fuzzy set theory is used for linguistic representation of patterns, leading to a fuzzy granulation of the feature space.
rough set theory is used to obtain dependency rules which model informative regions in the granulated feature space.
in the lead role of juliet capulet in sungkyunkwan university's production of romeo and juliet. kim alongside groupmate jung eun-ji and jang hyun-seung, former member of beast, released the single "a year ago" from the project a cube for season # white on january 3
programs. on june 2,2015, she released a duet with btob's yook sung-jae entitled "photograph", as part of cube entertainment's project single album a cube for season # blue season 2. kim attended seoul performing arts high school along with fellow apink members son na -
the campus has a modern library, a sports complex with fitness centre, tennis courts and cricket pitch, and three multi-storey student residences with internet access. it maintains a technical centre with lathes for metalworking, two pumping stations and five transformer substations. the university has also operated a number of clinics in luhansk's various medical institutions. the total area of all campus buildings is 73,957m² — including classroom facilities, 18,172m²
training and support, 15,870m²; utility services, 25,135m²; and residences, 14,870m².
by its target, to turn an insult into a positive term and deny others the ability to define it; non-military personnel may find the term "brat" insulting if they do not understand the context. sociologist karen williams used it reluctantly in her research, with the disclaimer, " to follow the wishes of the participants. it is a term that they use and feel comfortable with.
admiral dennis c. blair, former commander in chief, u.s. pacific command, and former u.s. director of national intelligence, said, " there's a standard term for the military child: 'brat.'
route 303 is a short provincial route in new brunswick, canada that runs from route 11 near dugas to an intersection with route 320 in maisonnette.
dugas village-des-poirier maisonnette
sydney roosters-players in front of the pavilion at bondi beach.
previous seasons, all team captains featured prominently in the ads, holding aloft the premiership trophy as the advertisement closes, replicating the 2006 equivalent. ironically only weeks after it was put to air, newcastle knights captain andrew johns' career was ended by a neck injury. telecommunications giant telstra once again hold the naming rights to the premiership season and for the seventh season the competition will be known as the "telstra premiership". for the second time, however, a change has been made to the telstra premiership logo, to coincide with the tel -
spread so thinly that their positions were easily bypassed. both offered stubborn resistance in the face of superior forces and threw the german schedule off by several days. the 110th's situation was by far the worst, as it was responsible for an 18-kilometre (11 mi) front while its 2nd battalion was withheld as the divisional reserve. panzer
the struggle for the villages and american strong points, plus transport confusion on the german side, slowed the attack sufficiently to allow the 101st airborne division (reinforced by elements from the 9th and 10th armored divisions) to reach bastogne by truck on the morning of 19 december.
her death it was made public, and copies were rapidly multiplied, owing chiefly to the widespread influence of the friars preachers. boccaccio tells how, a few years after the death of mechtilde, the book of her revelations was brought to florence and popularized under the title of la laude di donna mate
jesus. it is related that the florentines were accustomed to repeat daily before their sacred images the praises learned from st. mechtilde's book. st. gertrude to whose devotedness we owe the liber specialis gratiae exclaims: " never has there arisen one like
at the time, k-25, one of the oak ridge facilities, was the world's largest factory under one roof. the oak ridge site employed tens of thousands of people at its peak, most of whom had no idea what they were working on.
it becomes uranium-239 which decays into neptunium-239, and finally the relatively stable plutonium-239, an element that does not exist naturally on earth, but is fissile like uranium-235. after fermi achieved the world's first sustained and controlled nuclear chain reaction with the creation of the first atomic pile, massive reactors were
their intention was to control the twin villages of rocherath-krinkelt which would clear a path to the high ground of elsenborn ridge.
occupation of this dominating terrain would allow control of the roads to the south and west and ensure supply to kampfgruppe peiper's armored task force. at 12:30 on 17 december, kampfgruppe peiper was near the hamlet of baugnez, on the height halfway between the town of malmedy and ligneuville, when they encountered elements of the 285th field artillery observation battalion, u.s. 7th armored division.
sorting nexin 10 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the snx10 gene. this gene encodes a member of the sorting nexin family.
members of this family contain a phox (px) domain, which is a phosphoinositide binding domain, and are involved in intracellular trafficking. this protein does not contain a coiled coil region, like some family members. this gene may play a role in regulating endosome homeostasis. alternative splicing results in
. frolov, md professor antipova s., md professor dyemyenkov vr, md professor gaydash is, md professor romaniuk bp, md professor lukyanchuk vd, d. med. n kazamyrko professor nk, md professor komarevtseva ia
, phd doncova km, phd kachur nv, phd pomerantseva ti honorary citizens lugansk-md professor koveshnikov vg, md professor aa olshanetskyi "ukrainian journal of extreme medicine behalf h.o. mozhayeva" " ukrainian
june 6,2010, the united states court of appeal for the district of columbia in comcast corp. v. fcc ruled that the fcc lacks the authority as an information service, under the ancillary statutory authority of title one of the communications act of 1934, to force internet service providers to keep their networks open, while employing reasonable network management practices, to all forms of legal content
on december 21,2010, the fcc approved the fcc open internet order banning cable television and telephone service providers from preventing access to competitors or certain web sites such as netflix. the rules would not keep isps from charging more for faster access.
the phoenix hotel (originally the "new phoenix") is a historic hotel in waycross, georgia, built about 1890. it is a three-story brick building that occupies a 200 by 111 feet (61 m × 34 m) block of the city. businesses occupied the first floor, which has been modernized, but the other two floors retain their original configuration. the building originally had two stories and the third floor was added in 1913. it is near the train depot and catered to travelers.
it was added to the national register of historic places in 1986.
the landrecht was a typical example of a law of the transition period between feudalism and capitalism, where old institutions of feudal law (ordinations, separate property, class divisions, nobility privileges, subjection of peasants) existed alongside modern ones (definition of property).
the landrecht stopped functioning after the system was reformed (stein – hardenberg reforms) and the feudal remnants were removed.
the 1970s. a group of 155 photographs was shown in an exhibition documerica 1 at the corcoran gallery of art in washington, d.c. for six weeks in the summer of 1972. a number of small traveling exhibits were sent to cities such as new orleans, cincinnati, dallas, and philadelphia, and the smithsonian institution traveling exhibition service (sites) created the exhibit our only world for display at the epa's
digital scans of over 15,000 of the original 35 mm color slides and black-and-white negatives and prints are available through the national archives and records administration's archival research catalog.
the system was known as "sun tracker", and to test it a plane capable of high-altitude flight followed by a rapid low-level flight was needed.
b-29 was a useful test platform as it was the first mass-produced aircraft with a pressurized cockpit, and after world war ii there were many surplus b-29s available. on 21 july 1948, after completing a run to 30,000 feet (9,100 m) east of lake mead, captain robert m. madison and the crew began a descent and leveled out just over 300 feet (91 m) above the surface of lake mead.
the perennial carbonera creek has a watershed of 7.4 square miles (19 km²).
branch of carbonera creek is a total of 1.4 miles (2.3 km) in length and passes under vine hill road. the west branch continues under scotts valley drive and the state route 17 / granite creek interchange through a series of box culverts. the west branch joins the main branch of carbonera creek immediately south of the state route 17 / granite creek interchange. carbonera creek is the major surface water hydrological feature in scotts valley, running across the western portion of the santa's village site
mordella mendesensis is a species of beetle in the mordella genus that is in the mordellidae family, which is a part of the tenebrionoidea superfamily.
it was discovered in 1936.
us history, 12 paintings, collectively worth around $ 500 million, are stolen from the isabella stewart gardner museum in boston. 1994 – bosnia's bosniaks and croats sign the washington agreement, ending war between the croatian republic of herzeg-bosnia and the republic of bosnia and herzegovina, and establishing the federation of bosnia and herzegovina. 1996 – a nightclub fire in quezon city, philippines kills 162 people. 1997 – the tail of a russian antonov an-24 charter plane breaks off while en route to turkey causing the plane to crash and killing all 50
2014 – the parliaments of russia and crimea sign an accession treaty.
winnie bago, who befriended wallace and gromit after they fixed her van, offers them tips and hints to help them complete tasks successfully. at the end of the game, if the player has grown gromit's marrow to its full potential, a post credits sequence plays where lady tottington visits wallace & gromit's house and awards gromit the golden carrot. wallace & gromit: the curse of the were-rabbit received " average
in japan, famitsu gave the playstation 2 version a score of three sixes and one eight for a total of 26 out of 40.
lisa marie boothe (born 3 february 1985) is an american journalist working as a contributor on fox news.
host on outnumbered, an occasional panelist on special report, a guest on the story. and other news programs. boothe is a 2007 graduate of the university of tennessee-knoxville with a degree in political science and development. her father worked at capitol hill for ten years as an aide to a senator before going to law school. she grew up in the washington d.c. area with three brothers and played field hockey and lacrosse in high school, even winning two state championship rings, and tearing her anterior cruc
plumbing, there were two common ways to get water for one's daily needs. first, there was the tagus river that runs next to the city, and second there were water wells (also called pozos in spanish) and water reservoirs (called aljibes in spanish) that were built inside city plaza
the people of toledo get their water from faucets, the wells and water reservoirs still exist, almost forgotten in the corners and basements of older houses in toledo. a hidden indication that one can see in the streets of toledo are the small stone balls or "bolas" in the outside corners of buildings
show sesame street, first appearing in season 9,1978. the two-headed monster, as the name implies, is an example of bicephaly. the right-hand head has purple hair and a black beard, with upturned horns, whereas the left-hand head has black hair and a purple beard, with downturned horns. they have slightly
speaking in baby-like gibberish except when emphasizing a word, which is usually enough for them to communicate with others, the monster, in typical sketches, would sound out words in front of a brick wall, or do something else which involves cooperation.
july 1,2008. he was placed on waivers and picked up near the trading deadline on february 27,2009, by the montreal canadiens in need of a veteran centreman. he trained with the philadelphia flyers on the morning of february 27 before being claimed in the afternoon. later that night, he played against his former
scored his first goal with montreal on march 10 against dwayne roloson from the edmonton oilers. in the 2009–10 season on march 30,2010, it was announced that metropolit would miss the final 6 games of the season with a torn shoulder muscle, after enjoying a career high 16 goals
1990s, it comes into existence approximately 10,000 ce, year one of the galactic era. (the establishment of the empire was originally 34,500 ce, according to asimov's unofficial unpublished early 1950s chronology.) the galactic empire was made possible by the ability of humans to travel through hyperspace. the
empire's capital, named trantor, is the closest habitable planet to the center of the galaxy, and the novels in the foundation trilogy describe its fall, over a period of centuries, and a period of anarchy and decay, a parallel to the fall of the western roman empire and the dark ages.
high-shear mixers are used throughout the chemical process industries, wherever it is necessary to produce standardized mixtures of ingredients that do not naturally mix.
these include: pharmaceuticals, preparations of suspensions and granular products paper manufacture, bleaching and preparation of paper pulp food preparation, emulsions for condiments, sauces and dressings manufacture of cosmetics and toiletries
casualty estimates for the battle vary widely. according to the u.s. department of defense, american forces suffered 89,500 casualties including 19,000 killed, 47,500 wounded and 23,000 missing.
, 246 killed, 62,489 wounded, and 26,612 captured or missing, though this incorporates losses suffered during the german offensive in alsace, operation "nordwind." a preliminary army report restricted to the first and third u.s. armies listed 75,000 casualties (8,400 killed, 46,000 wounded and 21,000 missing). the battle of the bulge was the bloodiest
in
she entered the woodrow wilson school of public and international affairs of princeton university, in princeton, new jersey and in 1974 she graduated with the degree of master of public administration. she continued her studies at princeton university obtaining a masters of arts degree in economics in 1975 and a ph. d. in economics in january 1978. louka katseli was director general on the center of planning and economic research (kepe) in athens from 1982 until 1986, and served as special economic advisor to andreas papandreou, the prime minister of greece, from october 1993 until january 1996. from 1996 until 1997, she was the
while it sounds pejorative, it's actually a term of great affection. "
influential civilians: senator ben nelson, a member of the united states senate committee on armed services, wrote, "when the word 'brat' is used to describe someone it is not meant as a compliment, but when it is preceded by another word and becomes" military brat "it becomes a term of endearment." congresswoman carol shea-porter said, "i married what is affectionately known as an army brat." senator john cornyn identifies himself as a military brat, and also identified judge janice brown as one, during
although it retained most of its armor, there were not enough infantry units because of the defensive needs in the east. these 30 newly rebuilt divisions used some of the last reserves of the german army.
' s grenadier ") units formed from a mix of battle-hardened veterans and recruits formerly regarded as too young, too old or too frail to fight. training time, equipment and supplies were inadequate during the preparations. german fuel supplies were precarious — those materials and supplies that could not be directly transported by rail had to be horse-drawn to conserve fuel, and the mechanized and panzer divisions would depend heavily on captured
boys and younger children do show the most risk when a parent is deployed, but rarely does this require clinical intervention. however, studies show that when a military member is deployed to a combat zone, the family cohesion is more disrupted than when service members are deployed to non-combat zones.
months, or even years without their family. when a parent is stationed without their family, the children experience the same emotions as children of divorced parents. in addition to the effects of the divorce, military brats have additional concerns. when a military member is sent away, the family does not always know where they are going or when (
a canadian professional ice hockey centre who last played for hc bolzano of the ebel. a native of toronto, ontario, metropolit was never drafted by an ohl or nhl team, yet managed a 10-year nhl career and 407 games played. after a gthl career mostly in aa hockey, metropolit played two seasons for the richmond hill
hockey club (oha) before heading west to play for the vernon vipers of the bchl. after graduating tier ii jr. a. hockey, metropolit started out playing for the nashville knights in the echl in the 1995–96 season.
be a scientific study, subsequent research has validated many of her findings. in the introduction to the book, former military brat pat conroy, the author of the prince of tides and the great santini, wrote, her book speaks in a language that is clear and stinging and instantly recognizable to me [as a
subculture with our own customs, rites of passage, forms of communication, and folkways.... with this book, mary [wertsch] astonished me and introduced me to a secret family i did not know i had. in 2005 military brat and filmmaker donna musil released the first documentary ever
magdalon monsen (19 april 1910–4 september 1953) was a norwegian football (soccer) player who competed in the 1936 summer olympics.
he was a member of the norwegian team, which won the bronze medal in the football tournament.
interim superintendent of catholic schools is susie gibbons. five of the high schools are named after former archbishops of the diocese. a parochial elementary school in dayton is also named after archbishop liebold. the archdiocese sponsors the athenaeum of ohio – mount st. mary's seminary of the west seminary in the mount washington neighborhood
msgr. carl j. ryan (1946–1964) fr. herman h. kenning (1970–1974) sr. kathryn ann connelly, s.c. (1983–2002) bro. joseph kamis, sm (2002-2010) dr. jim riggs, ph. d.
predictions were largely dismissed by the u.s. 12th army group. strong had informed bedell smith in december of his suspicions. bedell smith sent strong to warn lieutenant general omar bradley, the commander of the 12th army group, of the danger. bradley's response was succinct: " let them
donnell writes that on 8 december 1944 u.s. rangers at great cost took hill 400 during the battle of the hurtgen forest. the next day gis who relieved the rangers reported a considerable movement of german troops inside the ardennes in the enemy's rear, but that no one in the chain of
several months after submitting a demo tape, she received a confirmation of passing the first stage of the audition, and eventually decided to continue training as a nurse while doing voice acting.
year of voice actor training, hayashibara was chosen to voice small roles on maison ikkoku. initially, she had difficulty with her lines and had to redo many lines after the main recording sessions. hayashibara later auditioned for ranma ½ expecting to be cast as akane tendo, but was cast as the female half of ranma saotome instead. in 1993 and 1995, hayashibara was a guest at anime
simic bobovac, but burned down by the turks after the failure of the first serbian uprising (1804) ", when the local people fled to the mountain. it is also mentioned in the memoirs of protoiereus mateja nenadovic, and the letters he exchanged with prince milos obrenovic have also been preserved
the descendants of knez jovan simic bobovac mostly live in bobova (the radisav – simic family), valjevo, belgrade and brussels (the families of desanka maksimovic, vasilije simic and gilles de pelichy).
ria used the espionage information as a way to double-check the progress of his scientists, and in his effort for duplication of the american project even rejected more efficient bomb designs in favor of ones that more closely mimicked the tried-and-true fat man bomb used by the u.s. against nagasaki.
, 1949, the effort brought its results, when the ussr tested its first fission bomb, dubbed "joe-1" by the u.s., years ahead of american predictions. the news of the first soviet bomb was announced to the world first by the united states, which had detected the nuclear fallout it
31.9% of all households were made up of individuals and 6.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. the average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.50. in the village the population was spread out with 31.2% under the age of 18,8.0% from 18 to 24,31.2% from 25 to 44,21.6% from 45 to 64, and 8.0% who were 65 years of age or older. the median age was 34
for every 100 females, there were 127.3 males.
tracks and bridges. a trucking system nicknamed the red ball express brought supplies to front-line troops, but used up five times as much fuel to reach the front line near the belgian border as was delivered. by early october, the allies had suspended major offensives to improve their supply lines and availability. montgomery and bradley both pressed for priority delivery of supplies to their respective armies so they could continue
he gave some priority to montgomery's northern forces. this had the short-term goal of opening the urgently needed port of antwerp and the long-term goal of capturing the ruhr area, the biggest industrial area of germany.
the playoff series against the washington capitals. on august 2,2010, metropolit left the nhl as a free agent and signed a two-year contract to return the swiss nla with ev zug. upon completion of his contract with zug, metropolit moved to return to sign a two-year contract with hc lugano.
after four years in switzerland, he moved to germany, spending a two-year stint at adler mannheim, capturing the german national championship in 2015. on october 20,2016, he signed with italian club hc bolzano, a member of the austrian top-flight ebel.
each spring the san diego school of creative and performing arts releases their upcoming performance season.
shows are typically staged in one of two main locations-the florence johnson grand theater or the ole kittleson little theater. students can choose from two main forms of music: jazz or orchestra. the advanced musical groups go on annual tours to compete against other schools from around the nation. these tours can be to places as close as anaheim and las vegas, or as far as boston and hawaii. the most notable tour was in 2016 to new york city, featuring the school's jazz band at the jazz at lincoln center competition. several dance
there are various roman baths and arabic baths that one can see in toledo. all of these baths have a well, the majority of which are dry now, in order to provide water to the baths. the photo to the right is of the well of an arabic bath that is named caballel.
normally there were three rooms to bathe in within the baths: one with hot water, one with lukewarm water, and finally one with cold water. there are also the ruins of the roman baths that one can visit, and a bath under a house in la juderia.
the station debuted sinclair's tbd network on its fourth subchannel on february 28,2017, replacing gettv. on august 16,2004, wstr established a news department and debuted a nightly newscast at 10 p.m. to compete with fox affiliate wxix-tv (channel 19) ' s long-established prime time newscast. known as wb 64 news at 10, it was part of sinclair's centralized news central operation based at the
although national news, weather forecasts, and some sports segments originated from news central, local news and sports operations were based at wstr's studios.
every night afterwards the heartbroken raquel would sit where she used to with her lover, while her tears flowed into that sad well. one night, raquel saw the image of her love in the water and so she jumped inside the well to be with him.
have some type of running water underground, many of which are said to be sacred or miraculous. a legend in particular tells the miracle of the water of the virgen that took place in the toledo cathedral. since the seventeenth century, this cathedral has celebrated the day of our sacred lady, patron of toledo, on the fifteenth of august, a date during the hottest
school prospered, and by the time of draughon's death in 1921, it was a chain of business colleges stretching across the south and western parts of the united states. in 1954, daymar college had earned accreditation by the accrediting commission for business schools (acbsp). however, daymar is no longer listed on the accreditation rolls for the acbsp. starting in
after more than 100 years in business, daymar college built a new facility on plus park boulevard in 1980. during the summer of 1987, daymar college expanded with a branch campus in clarksville, tennessee.
and the misuse of funds at the agency continued unabated until the toledo blade and dann began to expose the corruption. dann announced his candidacy for attorney general of ohio on november 14,2005, saying he would use the office to both help local police and prosecutors deal with street crime and to actively and
democratic primary against former cleveland law director subodh chandra. he won the general election in november 2006 by defeating ohio state auditor betty montgomery, a former attorney general. in the general-election campaign, montgomery tried to distance herself from the scandals of the taft administration, while criticizing dann for wanting to use the
r / (arabic: جنزور janzur), also known as zanzur, is a city in north-western libya, situated on the libyan coastline of the mediterranean sea, located in the west of the capital tripoli, and east of az-zawiya. residents of this city
- gheiran (الغيران) and an-njila (النجيلة) and as-sayad (الصياد) and alhachan (الحشان). indigenous peoples are mejres (مجري
the san diego school of creative and performing arts, known as sdscpa, is an audition only public arts magnet school in southeastern san diego, california, us. the san diego scpa is a non-tuition, public, dedicated magnet school in the san diego unified school district serving families throughout san diego county.
students audition and complete a required series of specialized arts training in theater, music, dance, visual and cinematic arts, or creative writing. upon graduation, most sdscpa students continue to universities or conservatories for further study in the arts and academics. recent acceptances include the juilliard school,
the progress had to be rapid — the meuse river, halfway to antwerp, had to be reached by day 4;
to be captured intact along the way because the combined wehrmacht forces were short on fuel. the general staff estimated they only had enough fuel to cover one-third to one-half of the ground to antwerp in heavy combat conditions. the plan originally called for just under 45 divisions, including a dozen panzer and panzergrenadier divisions forming the armored spearhead and various infantry units to form a defensive line as the battle unfolded. by this time the german army suffered from an acute manpower shortage, and the force had
but they were primarily developed to create intercontinental ballistic missiles (icbms) that could deliver nuclear weapons anywhere on the globe. development of these systems continued throughout the cold war — though plans and treaties, beginning with the strategic arms limitation treaty (salt i), restricted deployment of these systems until, after the fall of the soviet union, system development essentially halted, and many weapons were disabled and destroyed.
there have been a number of potential nuclear disasters. following air accidents u.s. nuclear weapons have been lost near atlantic city, new jersey (1957); savannah, georgia (1958) (see tybee bomb);
the spanish schools have 40,000 alumni, and presently have 3,000 students.
development of the schools, gonzalez co-wrote the book, roturar y sembrar, published by rialp on the fortieth anniversary of the agrarian schools. roturar y sembrar, a history of the efas, written by felipe gonzalez de canales el futuro del mundo rural en una sociedad comprometida y con proyecto-sponsored by the universidad internacional menendez pelayo. el punto de vista de los grupos de desarrollo rural
nuclear reactor at haigerloch. on april 12, after roosevelt's death, vice-president harry s. truman assumed the presidency. at the time of the unconditional surrender of germany on may 8,1945, because of the difficulties in making a working plutonium bomb, it was decided that there
north of alamogordo, new mexico, the first nuclear test took place, code-named "trinity", using a device nicknamed "the gadget." the test, a plutonium implosion type device, released energy equivalent to 19 kilotons of tnt, far more powerful than any weapon
if the attacking nation did not prevent the attacked nation from a nuclear response, the attacked nation would respond with a second strike against the attacking nation.
situation, whether the u.s. first attacked the ussr or the ussr first attacked the u.s., the end result would be that both nations would be damaged to the point of utter social collapse. according to game theory, because starting a nuclear war was suicidal, no logical country would shoot first. however, if a country could launch a first strike that utterly destroyed the target country's ability to respond, that might give that country the confidence to initiate a nuclear war
formed united nations by bernard baruch (the baruch plan), but it was clear both to american commentators — and to the soviets — that it was an attempt primarily to stymie soviet nuclear efforts. the soviets vetoed the plan, effectively ending any immediate postwar negotiations on atomic energy, and made overtures
for the soviets was primarily one of resources — they had not scouted out uranium resources in the soviet union and the u.s. had made deals to monopolise the largest known (and high purity) reserves in the belgian congo. the ussr used penal labour to mine the old deposits in czechoslovakia — now
and some issues of authentic police cases (# 1–38,1948–1955).
ten issues of romance comics over the next nine months. st. john's hollywood confessions # 1 (oct. 1949) metamorphosed two issues later into hollywood pictorial, and then shifted from comic book to movie magazine (hollywood pictorial western) with issue # 4 (march 1950). that was the first title in what eventually became the st. john magazine group. the company introduced several other, mostly short-lived original series from 1948 through 1953, including a rare, for the company, superhero series, zip-jet
a native of cherupalli village of dayagam mandal, he lived in vidhyanagar in adilabad town.
he won national award for his book on hindustani music written in telugu called swara layalu. he died following cardiac arrest at his home in adilabad.
and viewership against wxix, the station announced it would discontinue the newscast on february 24,2006. on april 26,2006, wstr entered into a news share agreement with wkrc. when the outsourced newscast began airing on august 21, this resulted in a cbs affiliate
c announced its intent to move the primetime newscast to wkrc's cw-affiliated digital subchannel in august 2008. on august 4,2006, wkrc began a simulcast of this program on wkrc-dt2 that was dropped from wstr on august 22. although the station '
mensah is president and ceo of georgia aerospace systems that manufactures nano composite structures used in missiles and aircraft for the us department of defense. on february 24,2017 cbs television news devoted a segment featuring dr. mensah for black history month titled-the engineer who revolutionized the internet.
number of organizations including the aiche national board of directors (1987–1990) and is a current trustee of the board of aiche foundation, and member of the board for the nasa space grant consortium at georgia institute of technology. mensah was elected a fellow us national academy of inventors in 2014. he is also chairman
caps for steve nolan and carl roche were justly deserved and the leinster team also contained jimmy morrison, steve scanlan and the wolfhound representatives.
a 3rd place finish in leinster meant that the exiles would not reach the final. the exiles finished in the top for the next 4 years and gained a place in the semis, the side however failed to win another league title. irish elite league (2): 2002 & 2003
an important step toward a desegregated united states military. more than 2,000 black soldiers had volunteered to go to the front. a total of 708 black americans were killed in combat during world war ii. the battle around bastogne received a great deal of media attention because in early december 1944 it was a rest and recreation
the rapid advance by the german forces who surrounded the town, the spectacular resupply operations via parachute and glider, along with the fast action of general patton's third u.s. army, all were featured in newspaper articles and on radio and captured the public's imagination;
wallace & gromit: the curse of the were-rabbit is a video game developed by frontier developments and published by konami. it was released for the playstation 2 and xbox consoles, and for the mobile phone.
september, october and december 2005 respectively, and in japan in march 16,2006 for the playstation 2. it is based on the film of the same name by aardman animations and dreamworks animation. the main characters are wallace and gromit, whose new company, anti-pesto, is charged with keeping rabbits away from the upcoming giant vegetable competition, which has been run by lady to
ly ill. efforts were made to recover the cargo of contaminated fish but at least two large tuna were probably sold and eaten. a further 75 tons of tuna caught between march and december were found to be unfit for human consumption. when the crew member died and the full results of the contamination were made public by the u
popular and military mind. with only fission bombs, nuclear war was something that possibly could be limited. dropped by planes and only able to destroy the most built up areas of major cities, it was possible for many to look at fission bombs as a technological extension of large-scale conventional bombing — such as the extensive
, (1883, hackney – 4 may 1930, indian ocean) also known as stanley hirst, was an english arachnologist and myriapodologist on the staff of the british museum, and was an authority on arachnida, especially acari (ticks and mites) myriapod
he was educated at the merchant taylor's school, and studied zoology at the university college london. in october 1905 he was appointed as an assistant at the british museum where he at first worked on the mammal collection and shortly after was put in charge of the arachnida and myriapoda collections,
douglas ganton is an american sound engineer. he was nominated for an academy award in the category best sound. for the film legends of the fall.
he worked on 75 films from 1975 to 2009. legends of the fall (1994)
(from the french a la carte, "from the menu"), also referred to as pick-and-pay, refers to a pricing model for pay television services in which customers subscribe to individual television channels. for subscription distribution services, a la carte pricing contrasts with the prevailing model of bundling, in which channels are grouped into packages that are offered on an all -
the term has subsequently been applied to cord cutting — the practice of relying on television services that are streamed over the internet. a la carte pricing has been an often-requested but seldom-delivered option for cable and satellite distribution services.
the newly expanded museum opened in november 2011 after two years of construction.
project restored aspects of the original building designed by saarinen, made needed structural repairs, replaced windows, and upgraded mechanical systems. the museum features year-round, changing exhibitions as well as a new collections and education wing, an additional 20,000 sq ft (1,900 m²) of storage and classroom space open to visitors by guided tour. based on an open storage plan, the new wing allows the museum's entire collection to be seen. the cranbrook institute of science includes a permanent collection of scientific artifacts and also displays annual temporary exhibits
the main forces were to advance westward to the meuse river, then turn northwest for antwerp and brussels.
nes would make rapid movement difficult, though open ground beyond the meuse offered the prospect of a successful dash to the coast. four armies were selected for the operation. adolf hitler personally selected for the counter-offensive on the northern shoulder of the western front the best troops available and officers he trusted. the lead role in the attack was given to 6th panzer army, commanded by ss-oberstgruppenfuhrer sepp dietrich. it included the most experienced formation of the waffen-ss: the 1st ss panzer
invasive root systems of these trees are important in erosion control and their dense canopy provides food and shelter for a variety of birds and mammals, yielding high habitat value. the lush cover afforded by this habitat also provides wildlife with a suitable environment for breeding.
rubus vitifolius), himalaya blackberry (rubus procerus), poison oak (rhus diversiloba), naltic rush (juncus balticus), redwood sorrel (oxalis oregana), snowberry (symphoricarpos rivularis), coastal wood fern (dryopteris
the walnut street theatre, located at 825 walnut street, is the oldest continuously-operating theatre in the english-speaking world.
historic sites along walnut street are independence national historical park and society hill on the east, followed by washington square, washington square west, the st. james hotel (1226-1232), the philadelphia stock exchange (1419-1411), the sun oil building (1608-1610), the 1616 walnut street building, rittenhouse square (also known as center city west commercial historic district), estey hall (1701 walnut street), and the church of the
universe of the galactic empire, such as david brin's foundation's triumph, and robert silverberg, who wrote of an alternative universe in which the roman empire never fell, and who edited far horizons (listed in further reading) which contains several examples of asimov's influence upon science fiction. brian
have been influenced by asimov's empire include donald kingsbury's psychohistorical crisis, whose galactic empire, and the scholar-empire that succeeds it, are clearly based upon asimov's galactic empire and the foundations, albeit that kingsbury was not granted permission to set his work directly in
several attempts were made to refloat her, but they all failed. some cargo was removed from the ship including the deckload and was taken to newcastle in an attempt to lighten the ship.
more attempts were made to refloat, but they all failed as well. at the end of february west hika was sold to the south stockton shipbreaking company. the cargo unloading and salvage work continued through the spring and summer of 1936, and finally on september 4,1936 she was refloated and towed to tees. in december 1936 west hika was sold to moller line of shanghai for about
the station began running general entertainment programming from 6 a.m. on weeknights and 11 p.m. on weekends when the station switched to on-tv programming. wiii dropped on-tv completely in june of that year. on weekdays, the station ran older cartoons 7 to 9 a.m.
noon and 6 to 7 a.m.; some off network dramas and westerns noon to 2:30 p.m., recent cartoons 2:30 to 5:30 p.m., a mix of older and recent sitcoms 5:30 to 8 p.m., and a mix
existed one year the brat learns to adapt quickly to fit into this ever-changing environment. highly mobile children are more likely to reach out to a new student, because they know what it is like to be the new student. recent studies show that, although brats move on average every 3 years, they do not grow accustomed to moving. the constantly changing environment and openness
rather than develop problem-solving skills, there is a temptation to simply leave a problem without resolving it. if a person does not like somebody or gets into a fight, they know that in a few years somebody will move and the problem will disappear.
and tombs, at every entrance to village, the road, lane lay stone dogs with surly and brutal-looking, and wild-eyed expressions. today, stone dogs in the leizhou are a cultural heritage and contribute to the cultural fame all over the world. they help leizhou peninsula boast many historical attractions. leizhou stone dogs are carved from basalt. the biggest stone dog is about 130 cm high, and the smallest one is only about 10 cm high, which is similar to a real leizhou stone dogs have a variety of
the carving methods are unknown, but the style is plain with the exquisite workmanship.
child, mensah began learning to read newspapers and attained fluency in the french language early, as he would often engage in conversations in french with his father's clients. after completing his undergraduate studies in ghana at the kwame nkrumah university of science and technology in chemical engineering, mensah received a french government fellowship to study at montpellier university in france
prior to that, he attended adisadel college in cape coast ghana. as a result of his fluency in french, he won the national french competition in ghana, both at the ordinary levels (1968) and advanced levels 1970 in accra ghana.
conference to the press to explain the situation. though some of his staff were concerned at the image it would give, the conference had been cleared by alan brooke, the cigs, who was possibly the only person to whom montgomery would listen. on the same day as hitler's withdrawal order of 7 january, montgomery
quality "of the american troops, characterizing a typical american as a" very brave fighting man who has that tenacity in battle which makes a great soldier ", and went on to talk about the necessity of allied teamwork, and praised eisenhower, stating," teamwork wins battles and battle victories win
thus the williwaw is considered a type of katabatic wind. gore vidal's first novel, williwaw (1946), based on a ship in the aleutian islands, features the williwaw. in the deadliest catch episode "finish line", the ship aleutian ballad crabbed within a williwaw, when a rogue wave damaged the ship and knocked her on her side.
the novel williwaw! by tom bodett is about two children who almost die in a williwaw.
with wstr now effectively a sister station to wkrc-tv, the primetime newscast was moved from channel 12.2 back to channel 64 effective january 6,2014. on february 3,2014, the good morning cincinnati 7 a.m. newscast premiered on wstr. brad johansen – sports director; weeknights at 10 p.m.;
also host of sports authority (now at wral-tv in raleigh, north carolina)
in march 2009, dann and his campaign were each fined $ 1000 by the ohio elections commission for violating campaign-finance laws by using his political account for personal cell phones for his family and for security renovations to his youngstown-area home.
dann reached a plea agreement with the inspector general of the elections commission, thomas p. charles, to plead guilty to a single violation of misuse of campaign funds, which he used for travel expenses for family members to san francisco for a vacation that was to be packaged with a political fundraiser, and pay another fine of $ 1000 which the commission agreed to accept in a 5 to
reviewing the music, he found that "[t] here might be more continuity than i imagined, which i hope is going to work in my favor." although he was invited to participate and early reports indicated that would, eno chose to not tour, letting byrne decide how to present this music live. a month after releasing the album, byrne was skeptical of market saturation, claiming "i sense that a lot of people don't know we have a record out" and hoped to counterbalance that ignorance with this tour
at the same time, the main goal of the performance was not promotion but the show itself.
daymar colleges group is a private, for-profit company owned by brothers mark and damien gabis. in 2011, kentucky attorney general jack conway filed suit in daviess county against the owners and operators of daymar college, charging that the college violated kentucky's consumer protection act. in march 2012, the case was remanded to the daviess circuit court.
after a protracted legal battle, daymar elected to settle the lawsuit, refunding more than $ 1.2 million in student fees, and agreeing to stop trying to collect $ 11 million in student debt to the institution.
murray had only beaten one top ten player on clay, nikolay davydenko, back in 2009, and was upset by no. 13 fabio fognini in straight sets, which took great britain to the deciding final rubber.
in straight sets, knocking great britain out of the davis cup. murray helped lead great britain to the final of the world group for the first time since 1978, winning both his singles rubbers in the matches against the usa, france and australia.. in the final against belgium in ghent, murray beat ruben bemelmans and combined with brother jamie to win the doubles rubber before defeating david goffin to
these classes, ranging from beginning to advanced levels, are not limited to only one or two types of dance. classes include theater dance, ballet, modern, and jazz tap. a professional strand dance class is two periods long. these are meant for more serious dancers who want to get the best of their training.
cinematic arts programs take courses in photography, drawing and painting, video production, and yearbook. in 2015, the sdscpa opened a new multimillion dollar film studio launching the cinematic arts program. students majoring in theatre complete courses in acting, musical theatre, or technical theatre. students majoring in creative writing
luhansk state medical university (луганськии державнии медичнии університет) was founded in 1956 in luhansk, ukraine.
ловградскии государственныи медицинскии институт), it received university status in 1994. in 1979 the then institute began offering postgraduate training, and from 1983 it began training foreign students in paed
on the other hand, when brats marry it is generally for life; over two thirds of brats over 40 are married to their first spouse. studies show that many brats become very adaptable as a result of the mobile lifestyle, but there is also a higher than average incidence, among a minority of military brats, of avoidant personality disorder and separation anxiety disorder. moving during the summer months can be challenging. courses students have taken at their old schools may not fulfill the graduation requirements at their new
moving during the winter holidays or mid-year, however, has traditionally been viewed as the worst time to move.
military brats have been studied extensively, both from the perspective of social psychology and as a distinct and unique american subculture, although less so in terms of long-term impact of the lifestyle. there are also some gaps in studies of more recent (post-cold war-era) military brats.
aspects of life. these studies look at overall patterns and individual experiences may vary widely: some strong positives that have been identified in studies of military brat populations are a high occurrence of very resilient personalities, exceptional social skills, a high level of multicultural or international awareness, proficiency in foreign languages, and a statistically
fcc filings indicate that w66aq was silent by sometime in 2007. in 2009, after the digital television transition, sinclair used the w66aq license to broadcast a low-power analog signal in dayton on channel 22, repeating its "my tv dayton" programming.
30,2010, w66aq's call letters were changed to w22de. cincinnati's wcpo-tv moved its digital operations to channel 22 on december 8,2010 (according to rabbitears, this knocked w22de off the air; however, w22de filed for a license renewal with the fcc on june 3,2013)
stanford university study cited by barro simulated a 49-channel subscription bundle being switched to an la carte scheme. the researchers concluded that subscribers would pay 103.0% more in fees passed on by distributors, while consumer welfare would likely be worse, changing between-5.4% and 0.2%.
the reason is efficiency: some distribution costs are fixed whether a distributor provides a few channels or many. if fewer people subscribe, the base subscription rate is likely to go up. in addition, programmers would receive less revenue in carriage fees and advertising revenues, and would look to its remaining viewers to make up the
the bonds of the military community are normally seen by military dependents as being stronger bonds than the differences of race. military brats grow up in a setting that actively condemns racist comments. this results in brats who "aren't just non-racist, but anti-racist."
independent. on the other hand, the experience of being a constant stranger can lead them to feel estranged everywhere, even if later in life they settle down in one place. according to the largest study conducted on nearly 700 tcks, eighty percent claim that they can relate to anyone, regardless of differences such as race, ethnicity, religion
john clavell and shakespeare's falstaff some sources speculate that john clavell was influenced by shakespeare's character sir john falstaff from henry iv as a source for ideas in a recantation.
both henry iv and a recantation reference gad's hill, the place of the robbery in henry iv, but there is no documentation of clavell actually being at gad's hill. clavell claims that the first robbery was at gad's hill.
even after strickland's statement. on may 5,2008, the columbus dispatch reported that seven separate investigations were either underway or being considered responsive to misconduct at the attorney general's office. on may 10,2008, the ohio democratic party voted to remove their endorsement of dann, remove him of his membership in the ohio democratic party executive committee, and called
on may 12,2008, articles of impeachment were filed with 42 of the 45 democrats in the state house supporting the nine counts. at a may 14,2008, press conference in columbus, dann resigned the office of attorney general of ohio.
the third edition was written in 1634 and contains everything except the address to his mother and sister. all three volumes were published in clavell's lifetime by richard meighen, who also published "the soddered citzen".
avell provides details of the activities of the "knights of the roads." at one point he specifies the disguises they employed: " but first pluck off your vizards, hoods, disguise, masks, muzzles, mufflers, patches from your eyes, those beards, those heads of hair, and that great wen, which is not natural,
elevations in the carbonera creek watershed vary from about 500 feet (150 m) above sea level on the valley floor to 1,123 feet (342 m) at the highest ridge.
annual precipitation in the carbonera creek watershed ranges from 85 to 120 centimeters per year, ninety percent of this falling between november and april. carbonera creek flows at an average of 0.8 to 1.0 cubic foot per second (0.023 to 0.028 m³ / s). lower bean creek has a high average flow of 3.0 cubic feet per second (0.085 m³ / s).
fellowship ministries or the potters house. the potter's house is a pentecostal bible-based fellowship of 2,500 churches in 112 nations throughout the world with 51 ministering evangelists. individual churches of the potters house also use other names, including: the door, victory chapel, christian center,
is the senior pastor of the prescott, arizona congregation. wayman mitchell states that he was converted as a born again christian in 1953 and baptized in the holy ghost in 1954. he has been a pentecostal pastor since 1960. mitchell conducts "healing crusades," in the many countries where there are potter
resources and information for the project, but the other allied power, the soviet union (ussr), was not informed. the u.s. made an unprecedented investment in the project which at the time was the largest industrial enterprise ever seen, spread across more than 30 sites in the u.s. and canada.
mass. to separate the fissile uranium-235 isotope from the non-fissile uranium-238, two methods were developed which took advantage of the fact that uranium-238 has a slightly greater atomic mass: electromagnetic separation and gaseous diffusion. another secret site was erected at rural oak ridge, tennessee
experience, that the long-term effects of having a parent killed during war would be more traumatic and difficult to deal with than typical causes of parental death. training and preparing for war also involves significant dangers, as do other military duties. consequently, many military brats live with the reality of risk to one or both
lives every year at a significantly higher rate than accidents for the civilian population; some service professions such as military pilots, paratroopers and other airborne soldiers, aircraft carrier flight deck workers, coast guard sea rescue, ordnance or munitions workers, naval firefighters, as well as those training or drilling in live ammunition exercises,
the phrase battle of the bulge was coined by contemporary press to describe the way the allied front line bulged inward on wartime news maps.
offensive is the correct term in allied military language, the official ardennes-alsace campaign reached beyond the ardennes battle region, and the most popular description in english speaking countries remains simply the battle of the bulge. the okw decided by mid-september, at hitler's insistence, that the offensive would be mounted in the ardennes, as was done in 1940. in 1940 german forces had passed through the ardennes in three days before engaging the enemy, but the 1944 plan
the green ray (french: le rayon vert) is a 1986 film by eric rohmer. it was released as summer in north america. the film was adapted from the novel of the same name by jules verne.
it was shot in france on 16mm film and much of the dialogue is improvised. the film won the golden lion and the fipresci prize at the 1986 venice film festival. the movie opens at the start of delphine's summer vacation. delphine has just suffered the breakup of a relationship and her travelling companion has ditched her so that her new boyfriend can accompany her to greece instead
s. ranked 12th out of 206 countries in 2000, fell to 31st out of 209 by 2010, and was back up slightly to 28th out of 211 in 2012. in 2012 the u.s. figure of 81.0% was similar to those of france (83.0%), belgium (82.0%), australia (82.3%), austria (81.0%), slovakia (80%), kuwait (79.2%), and
the figures for the top ten countries in 2012 ranged from 91.0% for finland to 96.9% for the falkland islands.
the officer clubs are more elegant than the enlisted clubs. officers have cleaner, more elaborate recreational facilities than their enlisted counterparts. historically, base chapels and movie theaters would have designated seating for officers and their families.
troops — one for officer children and one for enlisted children. these differences are not merely external, but a core aspect of military life. children of enlisted personnel often believe that children of officers receive specialized treatment because non-officers are afraid to upset the officers. the physical separation and differences between available activities make it very difficult. most military brats on a personal level do not let this affect their social interactions, and in most
which entered in a partnership with vi music to distribute hector y tito's much anticipated "a la reconquista", which became one of the first widely distributed reggaeton albums during the genre's boom period of 2002-2006. thanks to international hits such as "duele (cuando el amor se va)", "gata salvaje" featuring daddy yankee and
the positive reception of these songs throughout latin america and the united states made hector y tito protagonists in the expansion of the reggaeton culture alongside artists such as don omar, tego calderon and the hitmaking production duo luny tunes.
in an edition of who do you think you are?
, was a medic who was killed a couple of days before the dunkirk evacuation in may 1940 world war ii. leonard's father, richard, born blind, was a piano tuner and organist at st andrew's church, west tarring and later a music teacher in kingston upon hull. freeman is a pescetarian. he has said his catholic faith remains intact. in 2011, freeman umpired a charity cricket match to raise money for victims of the christchurch earthquake. freeman's personal style follows that of british mod subculture and he cites paul well
the album was described as "very strange. rather marvellous" by the sunday times, and "a beguiling album that is both smart and warm" by the daily express.
the band's last album, ill gotten game was released in 2005, and was described by the bbc as "a many faceted work of wonder", but disappointing sales contributed to the band splitting up in 2007. the band's final performance was at the gwyl macs fest in carmarthen on 1 september 2007. in february 2018, the band tweeted that they will be releasing new music later in the year.
george nenadich is a pioneer in the latin music industry.
launching his career in 1989 as one of the very first employees of a very young record label rmm records who were responsible for artist like tito nieves, jose alberto, marc anthony and la india
peiper's forces were rerouted through lanzerath. to preserve the quantity of armor available, the infantry of the 9th fallschirmjaeger regiment, 3rd fallschirmjaeger division, had been ordered to clear the village first.
the 99th infantry division along with four forward air controllers held up the battalion of about 500 german paratroopers until sunset, about 16:00, causing 92 casualties among the germans. this created a bottleneck in the german advance. kampfgruppe peiper did not begin his advance until nearly 16:00, more than 16 hours behind schedule and didn't reach
the quebec court of appeal sat a panel of five judges to hear the case: chief justice crete and justices owen, turgeon, belanger and bisson. the court unanimously held that the proposed amendments would affect the legislative competence of the provincial legislatures, and the status and role of the provincial legislatures and governments.
first question. the court divided (4–1) on the second question. the majority (crete c.j.q., owen, turgeon, and belanger jj.) held that the constitution did give the house of commons and the senate the power to make unilateral changes to the constitution
manhunt began january 1953 as the monthly digest, manhunt detective story monthly.
march 1957 to may 1958 but then returned to digest-size and a bimonthly schedule. the popularity of manhunt kept it running for 114 issues until april – may 1967. verdict ran as a digest-size monthly from june 1953 to september 1953 and was briefly titled verdict crime detection magazine (aug. – nov. 1956) before a shortening back to verdict. he acquired the 21-year-old publication magazine digest in 1950. the company's comics include the first 3-d comic book, three dimension comics #
sub-micrometre particle sizes are possible using the ultra-high-shear technology. to achieve this, the machine is equipped with stators with precision-machined holes or slots through which the product is forced by the rotors.
stator array can also include a mechanism whereby the momentum of the flow is changed (for example by forcing it sideways through the stator), allowing for more processing in a single pass. high-shear mixers are used in industry to produce standard mixtures of ingredients that do not naturally mix. when the total fluid is composed of two or more liquids, the final result is an
the 1929 ncaa swimming and diving championships were contested at francis gymnasium at washington university in st. louis in st. louis, missouri as part of the sixth annual ncaa swim meet to determine the team and individual national champions of men's collegiate swimming and diving in the united states.
only individual championships were officially contested during the first thirteen-ncaa sponsored swimming and diving championships. unofficial team standings were kept but a team title was not officially awarded until 1937. northwestern is acknowledged as this year's unofficial team champion, the third such title for the wildcats.
a traffic stop on may 20,2010. police identified and killed two suspects, identified as jerry kane, jr., and his son, joseph kane. the two were later identified as members of the sovereign citizen movement. footage of the shooting and ensuing shootout with police was shown in a season 5 episode of world's wildest police videos. around 11:36 a.m. cdt, west memphis police officer bill evans initiated a traffic stop on a white plymouth voyager
according to a spokesperson for the arkansas state police, officer evans was "running drug interdiction", and the vehicle had license plates from ohio.
and as a result of this, the south sydney rabbitohs made the top eight for the first time since 1989. the new zealand warriors secured a home final: the second match in the history of the national rugby league finals played outside of australia. the first was the warriors' victory over the canberra raiders at mt smart stadium while on their way to the 2002 grand final. on the other end of the ladder,
the knights performed well in their last match and denied the wests tigers a spot in the top eight, winning by two points, whereas the panthers were defeated by the new zealand warriors, seeing them finish last.
mounir dob (born february 1,1974 in algiers) is a retired algerian football player who played as a forward.
1994-1995 mc alger 1995-1996 cr belouizdad 1996-2000 ca batna 2000-2003 js kabylie 2003-2005 cr belouizdad 2005-2006 rc kouba 2006-2006 ca batna 2007-2007 wa boufarik won the caf cup three times with js kabylie in 2000,2001 and 2002
"in a dream" offers a more calming canvas for hodgy's rapping, with its haunting vocal sample. the song features abrupt guitar chords, and hodgy muses lyrically over a tale of his first love.
the work of the late detroit producer j dilla. "if heaven is a ghetto" has a relaxed beat, with hodgy contemplating the concept of death. album closer "higashi loves you" is a slow burner composed of 1980's inspired keys, skittering hi-hats, and a smooth aesthetic. the composition features hodgy lamenting over his past
the roman catholic archdiocese of cincinnati (latin: archidioecesis cincinnatensis) covers the southwest region of the u.s. state of ohio, including the greater cincinnati and dayton metropolitan areas. the archbishop of cincinnati is most rev. dennis marion schnurr.
the total membership of baptized catholics around 500,000. the archdiocese administers 110 associated the mother church is the cathedral of st. peter in chains, located at the corner of 8th and plum streets in downtown cincinnati. cincinnati is the metropolis of the ecclesiastical province of cincinnati, which encompasses the entire state of ohio and is composed of the archdiocese
jamie was furious that andy was letting them down and the murrays would not speak to each other for two weeks. seven months later, as the brothers prepared for the tie against austria, andy declared that he had healed the rift with jamie.
beaten in the doubles, john lloyd suffered criticism for not playing andy. great britain lost their world group play-off to austria 3–2 and were relegated to europe / africa zone group i. murray withdrew from the tie against ukraine after failing to shake off a virus, and great britain lost 4–1. murray suffered an injury to his left wrist at the us open, and would
first run syndicated shows. the station ran religious shows sunday mornings. late in 1985, as an ice storm hit the cincinnati area, a section of ice on the station's tower broke free and cut through the station's transmission line from the transmitter to the antenna. wiii was off-the-air for
remained on-the-air after repairs were made, but never quite recovered financially. it continued to run a lot of first-run cartoons and some new ones, such as the funtastic world of hanna-barbera and the transformers, and a few low-budget movies, some drama series, and
- warning computers; a computer chip failure that appeared to show a random number of attacking missiles; a rare alignment of the sun, the u.s. missile fields and a soviet early-warning satellite that caused it to confuse high-altitude clouds with missile launches; the launch of a norwegian research rocket resulted in president
sixties, three more countries joined the "nuclear club." the united kingdom had been an integral part of the manhattan project following the quebec agreement in 1943. the passing of the mcmahon act by the united states in 1946 unilaterally broke this partnership and prevented the passage of any further information to the united kingdom
there were 46 households of which 19.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.5% were married couples living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 8.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.5% were non-families. 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals and 10.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.
the average household size was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.65. the median age in the city was 45 years.
racehorse captured the american ship monticello on 12 november.
16 november, of valentine. on 3 february 1813, racehorse was under the command of commander george f. rich, and in company with harpy, under the command of commander samuel hoare. they captured the american ship rose, which was carrying tea and 8907 spanish dollars (worth approximately £2226). on 15 august 1813 racehorse sailed from the cape of good hope as escort to several vessels, including rambler bound for st helena and britain. racehorse was paid off into ordinary at portsmouth in 1813. between february 1816 and july 1818 she underwent repair and
roughly 3.3 billion years, it appears to spinning at a leisurely rate with a projected rotational velocity of 3 km / s. the outer atmosphere has an effective temperature of 6,090 k, giving it the yellowish-white hue of an f-type star. in 1998, omicron aquilae was one of nine stars identified as experiencing
the first flare observed from omicron aquilae was in 1979, with a magnitude increase of 0.07 and a duration of less than five days. the second occurred in 1980, with a magnitude change of 0.09 and a duration of fifteen days.
ever nuclear weapon in october 1961, the massive tsar bomba, which was tested in a reduced state with a yield of around 50 megatons — in its full state it was estimated to have been around 100 mt. the weapon was largely impractical for actual military use, but was hot enough to induce third-degree burns
in its full, dirty, design it would have increased the amount of worldwide fallout since 1945 by 25%. in 1963, all nuclear and many non-nuclear states signed the limited test ban treaty, pledging to refrain from testing nuclear weapons in the atmosphere, underwater, or in outer space.
in march 2001, the band's ankst debut, yeti was released, described by the south wales echo as "a collection of 10 tracks just bristling with ambition", and the band also recorded a session for john peel's bbc radio 1 show.
supported gorky's zygotic mynci on their uk tour, and they also toured several times with super furry animals. they were nominated for three welsh music awards in 2001. the band's third album, koala ko-ordination was issued in 2002 now with kris jenkins on keyboards, with comparisons again to flaming lips,
the top four seeds receive a bye into the second round.
rina srebotnik (quarterfinals) chan yung-jan / liezel huber (second round) vania king / yaroslava shvedova (semifinals) nuria llagostera vives / maria jose martinez sanchez (quarterfinals) maria kirilenko / nadia petrova (quarterfinals, petrova withdrew due to right foot injury) lisa raymond / rennae stubbs (first round) anabel medina garrigues / yan zi (first round) q = qualifier wc = wild card ll = lucky loser alt = alternate
iness virus (pwv) is a plant pathogenic virus in the genus potyvirus and the virus family potyviridae. like other members of the genus potyvirus, pwv is a monopartite strand of positive-sense, single-stranded rna surrounded by a capsid made for a single viral encoded protein. the virus is a filamentous particle that measures about 745 nm
this virus is transmitted by at least two species of aphids (myzus persicae and aphis gossypii) in a non-persistent manner and by mechanical inoculation.
in the 2004–05 season metropolit and marko jantunen were the team's best goal scorers during the regular season, both scoring 16 goals, and metropolit scored the most points on the team with 31 assists, totalling 47 points;
the league. in the playoffs, he scored five goals and six assists, including a 3-on-5 shorthanded goal against ilves's vesa toskala in the quarterfinals. the team went on to win the silver medal. metropolit became a very popular player with the jokerit fans, who had a number of chants dedicated to
rock band from carmarthen and cardiff, wales. they formed in the late 1990s and released four albums before splitting up in 2007. misnamed after the 1970 film zabriskie point, the band was formed by school friends matthew durbridge (vocals, guitar), iwan morgan (electronica / keyboards), and gareth richardson
they relocated to cardiff and took on further members, rhun lenny (bass) and owain jones (drums), both of the band topper. their debut album, screen memories was released on their own microgram label, and led to a deal with ankst.
lenhoff's former partner at the tribune, ed simpson, was dann's chief of staff until he resigned under fire on may 2,2008. dann was a sigma chi at the university of michigan. dann and lenhoff have three children.
april 15,2010, after dann was caught having an extramarital affair. their divorce was finalized in july 2010. dann was suspended from the practice of law by the ohio supreme court effective november 20,2012, and was reinstated effective june 11,2013. dann now has a private legal practice in cleveland, ohio, reportedly specializing in combating
2001, daymar college offers more than 35 career tracks in 22 different academic programs. daymar college is accredited by the accrediting council for independent colleges and schools (acics). acics was re-recognized by the u.s. department of education, retroactive to december 12,2016, on
daymar college obtained national accreditation from the accrediting commission of the association of independent colleges and schools, and is supported by accreditations from the state level. on december 12,2016, the secretary of the department of education upheld a decision to end recognition of daymar's accreditor, acics
the weakened seventh army had, at eisenhower's orders, sent troops, equipment, and supplies north to reinforce the american armies in the ardennes, and the offensive left it in dire straits.
fighting on three sides in alsace. with casualties mounting, and running short on replacements, tanks, ammunition, and supplies, seventh army was forced to withdraw to defensive positions on the south bank of the moder river on 21 january. the german offensive drew to a close on 25 january. in the bitter, desperate fighting of operation nordwind, vi corps, which had borne the brunt of the fighting, suffered a total of 14
by the end of march 1926, the construction of an art deco architectural market was complete, and began to be used a month after that.
the market was originally known as pasar gedhe (javanese: "[the] large market"), so called as it was the biggest in yogyakarta at that time, as well as the only one on the main road area stretching from the kraton to the tugu (id). during the dutch colonial era, pasar gedhe was also nicknamed passer op van java, or "the most beautiful market in java".
the internet in the united states grew out of the arpanet, a network sponsored by the advanced research projects agency of the u.s. department of defense during the 1960s.
for the worldwide internet of today. internet access in the united states is largely provided by the private sector and is available in a variety of forms, using a variety of technologies, at a wide range of speeds and costs. in 2015,97.5% of americans were using the internet, which ranks the u.s. 4th out of 211 countries in the world. the united states ranks # 1 in the world with 7,000 internet service
lumby is at a transition point between the semi-arid dry belt to the west and the interior rainforest to the east.
thus, both wet and dry vegetation are common in lumby. weather facts: driest year (1967) = 318 mm (13 in) wettest year (1982) = 788 mm (31 in) warmest year (1998) = 8.2 °c (47 °f) coldest year (1996) = 4.8 °c (41 °f)
no. ii. second report on the arachnida – the scorpions, pedipalpi, and supplementary notes on the opiliones and pseudoscorpions. transactions of the linnean society of london, zoology, series 2,16:31–37.
. "report on the arachnida and myriapoda collected by the british ornithologists' union expedition and the wollaston expedition in dutch new guinea". transactions of the linnean society of london, zoology, 20:325–334. hirst, a. stanley, 1919. " studies on ac
become the cw's cincinnati affiliate being a full-power station and wbqc being a class a low-power outlet. on march 2, however, sinclair announced that wstr would affiliate with mynetworktv. the announcement seemingly opened the door for wbqc to potentially become the area's cw affiliate. instead, the network agreed on april 19 to be carried on a new second digital subchannel of wkrc-tv (channel 12) forcing
with its new mynetworktv affiliation, wstr adopted the "my 64" brand similar to most of the network's other stations.
in bruges, belgium. dr cingillioglu is also one of the best known names world-wide in the field of art. he has been involved in collecting artworks since his childhood and is known as a major art collector. according to art news magazine he is listed among the top ten collectors worldwide in the impressionist, modern, post-war and contemporary art fields. as a worldwide expert in art, he is a member of the advisory council of sotheby's where the company benefits from
see also: list of most expensive paintings # cite note-49 (list of most expensive paintings)
the energy released during the second flare is estimated as 9 × 10³⁷ erg. there is a magnitude 12.67 common proper motion companion located at an angular separation of 22.5 arcseconds along a position angle of 221°. based upon its matching parallax value, this corresponds to a projected separation of 431 astronomical units.
(hence, the companion is located at this separation or greater.) designated component c, this is a small red dwarf star with a stellar classification of m3 v. component b is an optical companion that appears near the primary only through a chance alignment.
rumbon is a spanish-language classic salsa radio station on sirius xm.
reggaeton radio station on sirius satellite radio channel 83 and dish network channel 6092. the station was titled "tropical" until september 29,2005, when it increased its programming of reggaeton to nearly 50 percent. the channel was added to sirius canada in june 2008. rumbon was retired on november 12,2008 in result of the sirius xm merger. the station that took over is caliente, sirius 83 and xm 85. rumbon was later relaunched on the 533 frequency. the channel launched the very popular program la jung
' s fertility rate has decreased by more than half. fertility factor rates are cohort measures that are grouped together by year and are studied within a longer time frame. over time, this decrease in fertility would have a factor to the child sex ratio because the overall fertility rate has gone down. fewer women having babies will
of a skewed sex ratio with more male children than females is already being felt in some parts of india and china and is likely to continue to tighten the skewed ratio between genders.: when there are fewer women of marriageable age, a significant proportion of men will have to delay their marriage
secret cities " used for the soviet equivalents of hanford and oak ridge literally vanished from the maps for decades to come. at the soviet equivalent of los alamos, arzamas-16, physicist yuli khariton led the scientific effort to develop the weapon. beria distrusted his scientists, however, and he distrusted the carefully collected espionage information. as such, beria assigned multiple teams of scientists to the same task without informing each team of the other's existence.
if they arrived at different conclusions, beria would bring them together for the first time and have them debate with their newfound counterparts.
d. eisenhower wrote, "... the action of the 2nd and 99th divisions on the northern shoulder could be considered the most decisive of the ardennes campaign." the stiff american defense prevented the germans from reaching the vast array of supplies near the belgian cities of liege and spa and the road network west of the elsenborn
after more than 10 days of intense battle, they pushed the americans out of the villages, but were unable to dislodge them from the ridge, where elements of the v corps of the first u.s. army prevented the german forces from reaching the road network to their west.
the season was the first rli season and the exiles got to the final and were robbed in cork in a keenly contested final. many team members were offered irish residents jerseys. in 2002 the exiles developed the player base with some valuable new additions that would prove key to the exiles and the rli wolfhounds
as coach and with him came marty hyde and phil coles. these would steer the team for the next three years. players from terenure rfc joined the team. the exiles won their first league title that year. in 2003 the core players were still together and the new recruits from terenure and other
sergeant brandon paudert provided backup for evans. upon paudert's arrival at the scene, evans attempted to frisk jerry kane. suddenly, kane turned and attacked evans in a scuffle down an embankment into a ditch.
passenger door of the van and opened fire with an ak-47 variant. paudert ran to the rear of evans' police cruiser and returned fire with three shots from his. 40-caliber handgun through the windows and taillight of evans' cruiser, in an attempt to hit kane firing from the other side. he then took cover behind the hood of his cruiser which was parked directly
hesmer and o'rourke were traded to columbus for another allocation. regan was traded to red bulls for forward edson buddle.
was traded, along with toronto's 2nd round 2007 mls superdraft pick to dallas for midfielder ronnie o'brien. nate jaqua was traded to the los angeles galaxy for a partial allocation. dyachenko was later returned to d.c. for a future draft pick, kotschau was released, and cancela was later traded to the colorado rapids. part way through the season nagamura was later traded to chivas usa for a 1st round 2008 mls superdra
were closely aligned to the epa's proposed areas of concern: air and water pollution, management of solid waste, radiation and pesticides, and noise abatement. however, photographers had considerable creative freedom about what they shot. as has been discussed by gisela parak, photographers working with documerica
including environmentally sensitive areas that were under development or considered for government protection, such as the planned route of the alaska pipeline, hawaii and washington, d.c. photographers used differing approaches: boyd norton's photographs often emphasize the natural beauty of an area, while alexander hope's photographs of the middletown, rhode
mechtilde was seven years old, having been taken by her mother on a visit to her elder sister gertrude, at that time a nun in the cistercian monastery in rodersdorf, she became so enamoured of the cloister that her pious parents yielded to her requests and allowed her to enter the alumnate. here, being highly gifted in mind as well as in body, she made remarkable progress in virtue and
ten years later (1258) she followed her sister, who, now abbess, had transferred the monastery to an estate at helfta given her by her brothers louis and albert.
(hcf) is a new component of the rural health care program. the hcf will provide a 65 percent discount on eligible expenses related to broadband internet connectivity to both individual rural health care providers (hcps) and consortia, which can include non-rural hcps (if the consortium has a majority of
existing rhc telecommunications program. the rural utilities service of the u.s. department of agriculture oversees several programs designed to bring the benefits of broadband internet access and advanced telecommunications services to under served areas in the u.s. and its territories: farm bill broadband loan program: provides loans for funding the costs,
29,1974) is a journalist from the republic of moldova. angela sarbu was born on october 29,1974. she graduated in 1996 from the moldova state university and studied at charles university in prague (2007–2009). she was the director of the independent journalism center in chisinau (2000–2010
that sought election to the post were: ghenadie brega, aurelian lavric, alexandru grosu, gheorghe ciubotaru, oleg grajdean, ecaterina stratan, efim josanu, gheorghe bi
such casualties are difficult, if not impossible, to keep hidden from children or teenagers in small base communities.
u.s. department of defense has designated april as "month of the military child" with special programs, public educational and support activities coordinated during this time each year. the department of defense also uses the term "military brat" in some of its research and literature about military children. as adults, military brats sometimes try to reunite with their brat heritage. a recent study, "military brats: issues and associations in adulthood," identified several reasons why some military brats, as adults, seek out brat organizations
the plant community northern coastal scrub also exists in the carbonera creek catchment basin. this community is scattered throughout the basin, typically situated on windy, exposed sites with shallow, rocky soils. the community is dominated by california sagebrush (artemisia californica);
in coastal santa cruz county and is found in a part of the carbonera creek catchment in the southwestern part of the city of scotts valley on the slopes of mount hermon, extending to the south. the surface soil and subsoil drain very rapidly and do not retain enough water to support local climax species such as coast redwood or douglas fir. the
men bara om min alskade vantar (bob dylan, ulf dageby) a translation of bob dylan's "tomorrow is a long time" released on the album "barn av var tid", performed by uno svenningsson and sophie zelmani.
lan (ulf dageby) originally released in 1972 on the album "ta det som ett lofte..... ta det inte som ett hot", performed by mlb & ulf dageby. popens mussolinis from the 1978 album "barn av var tid", performed
hirst, a. stanley, 1911a. "on a collection of arachnida and chilopoda made by mr. s.a. neave in rhodesia, north of the zambesi". manchester mem. lit. phil. soc.
. stanley, 1911b. "on some new opiliones from japan and the loo-choo islands". annals and magazine of natural history, london, ser. 8,8:625–636. hirst, a. stanley, 1911c. " percy sladen trust expedition to the indian ocean in 1905 under the leadership
marked the first tit-for-tat of the nuclear arms race. the response in the u.s. was one of apprehension, fear, and scapegoating, which would lead eventually into the red-baiting tactics of mccarthyism. yet recent information from declassified venona intercepts and the opening of the kgb archives after the fall of the soviet union show that the ussr had useful spies that helped their
before this, though, president truman announced a decision to begin a crash program that would develop a far more powerful weapon than those the u.s. used against japan: the hydrogen bomb.
hsieh su-wei and peng shuai were the defending champions, but they competed with different partners.
in, while peng partnered with kimiko date-krumm, but they all lost in the second round (grandin / hsieh lost to vera dushevina and arantxa parra santonja, date-krumm / peng lost to vania king and yaroslava shvedova). in the end, it was chuang chia-jung and olga govortsova who won in the final against gisela dulko and flavia pennetta
military language also has differences from standard american english and is often peppered with military slang and military acronyms.
military world and which make up a part of everyday conversation on bases. for example, time is measured in 24-hour rather than 12-hour segments as in the civilian world, and distances, primarily on stateside army bases or on many u.s. bases of all services overseas, often described in meters and kilometers (or "clicks" in military slang) instead of yards or miles. consequently, many military brats report feelings of cultural identity that have a military flavor and a feeling of difference from local civilian
with the advent of the world wide web, the commercialization of the internet, and its spread beyond use within the government and the research and education communities in the 1990s, internet access became an important public policy and political issue.
prior u.s. efforts toward developing a national networking infrastructure, starting with the arpanet in the 1960s and the funding of the national science foundation network (nsfnet) in the 1980s. it led to the development of the national information infrastructure and included funding for a series of projects under the titles national research and education network (nren) and high-performance computing and communications initiative which spurred
elections for a legislative assembly were held in nauru on 26 january 1968. a constitutional convention had been elected in 1967. it produced a new constitution in preparation for independence, which provided for an 18-member legislative assembly with a three-year term. the assembly would then appoint a five-member council of state to exercise executive power. of the 18 elected members, half consisted of the nine members of the legislative council elected in 1966. the assembly met for the first time on 31 january and elected the new council of state.
the council subsequently elected hammer deroburt as its chairman.
in addition to developing the proper technique for the foundation lifts, strongwomen must also develop endurance through cardiovascular conditioning training.
being able to adapt to implements (straight barbells versus axle barbells, axle barbells versus logs, etc.) is important as the technique used for the different implements are nuanced and are not readily available at commercial gyms.
, 400 with 200 deaths. the german high command estimated that they lost between 81,834 and 98,024 men in the bulge between 16 december 1944 and 28 january 1945; the accepted figure was 81,834, of which 12,652 were killed, 38,600 were wounded, and 30,582 were missing. allied estimates on german casualties range from 81,000 to 103,000
some authors have estimated german casualties as high as 125,000. german historian hermann jung lists 67,675 casualties from 16 december 1944 to late january 1945 for the three german armies that participated in the offensive.
backronyms for "brat", such as "born, raised and transferred" or "brave, resilient, adaptable, and trustworthy." while some may not like the origins of the term, most are comfortable with it. in late 2014, two civilian children's book authors advocated the use of the acronym "champs"-"children hero attached to military personnel"
the adult military brat community soundly rejected this change. in the 1970s, sociologist ruth hill useem coined the term "third culture kids" (tcks) for a child who follows his parents "into another culture."
it sometimes is seen as unfair that the accused in a criminal matter be required to meet arguments from sources other than the prosecution. there are several distinct reasons why someone might wish to intervene in a proceeding: if the proposed intervenor is currently a litigant in a case with legal issues similar or identical to the case at hand;
if the proposed intervenor represents a group of people who have a direct concern in the legal issues raised in a case (for example, if the case involves deportation of a particular individual, an application for leave to intervene might be made by an interest group for the rights of refugee claimants);
these losses included ss-gruppenfuhrer (major general) kurt meyer, commander of the 12th ss panzer (armor) division, captured by belgian partisans on 6 september 1944. the tactical efficiency of these units were somewhat reduced.
right flank of the assault was therefore composed mostly of ss divisions under the command of "sepp" (joseph) dietrich, a fanatical political disciple of hitler, and a loyal follower from the early days of the rise of national socialism in germany. the leadership composition of the sixth panzer division had a distinctly political nature. none of the german field commanders entrusted with planning and executing the offensive
(indonesian: pasar beringharjo, javanese: [UNK] [UNK] [UNK], pasar beringharja) is the oldest market in the kraton area of yogyakarta, indonesia, having been a continuous place of trade since 1758. right next to jalan malioboro, beringharjo market is located on jalan margo mulyo no.
the word beringharjo has the literal meaning of "banyan tree forest", a reference to the former trees that occupied the land, as well as to the notion that the market was expected to provide welfare for yogyakarta residents.
the largest satellite provider, directv, offered to carry the channel on an la carte basis, arguing that sportsnet la was most expensive of five regional sports networks and that a bundled offering would unfairly burden the company's subscribers.
adhered to in other markets. as of the end of the 2017 season, the dispute resulted in dodgers game telecasts being unavailable to the majority of southern california households for four consecutive seasons. in india, terrestrial and free-to-air television is free with no monthly payments, while cable, direct to home (dth) and iptv require a monthly payment that varies depending on
most of the schools' athletic teams belong to the greater catholic league, which consists of a co-ed division, the girls greater cincinnati league, and a division for all-male schools.
the archdiocese also includes 92 parochial and diocesan elementary schools, with a combined enrollment of 30,312, as of 2011 (ace consulting 2011, p. 91). these schools can be found in the urban and suburban areas of cincinnati and dayton, as well as some of the smaller towns within the archdiocesan boundaries. each parochial school is owned and operated by its parish, rather than by the archdiocese's catholic schools office.
she goes with him and together they observe le rayon vert (the green flash).
tte as francoise in paris vincent gauthier as jacques in biarritz amira chemakhi as a woman in paris maria luisa garcia as manuella in paris in 1980 rohmer embarked on a series of films each based on a proverb: the "comedies and proverbs". the fifth of the series was the green ray in 1986. the theme was a phrase from rimbaud: "ah! que le temps vienne ou les cœurs s ' eprennent" (oh! may
, with one of his favorite spots, on the outside of the left faceoff circle in the offensive zone, being called "metro's office" by tv commentators and fans, in honour of wayne he and marko jantunen formed a memorable duo on the penalty kill, scoring several short-handed goals. his player number in joker
after two years with jokerit, metropolit moved to switzerland where he won the nationalliga a championship with hc lugano. he also led the league in scoring during the regular season, which is where his infamous nickname "the underlying theme" was born by announcer darren bavister.
the river sandpaper fig (ficus capreifolia) is a fig shrub or small tree of the western and eastern afrotropics.
pans or flood plains, or along riparian fringes in tropical or subtropical savanna regions, but is absent from the tropical rainforest zone. despite its regular scrambling habit it may attain a height of 7 to 10 m (23 to 33 ft). the bark is pale and smooth, and the branches are slender. their rough-textured, pear-shaped, yellowish-green figs are up to 2 cm (0.79 in) in diameter and grow on short stalks
- lehr division tried to relieve them, but was only partially successful, as the perimeter held. for the next two days the perimeter was strengthened. on 26 and 27 december the trapped units of 2nd panzer division made two break-out attempts, again only with partial success, as major quantities of equipment fell into allied hands. further allied pressure out of marche finally led the german
in the south, patton's third army was battling to relieve bastogne. at 16:50 on 26 december, the lead element, company d, 37th tank battalion of the 4th armored division, reached bastogne, ending the siege.
televangelist jerry falwell opposed a la carte pricing for similar reasons, fearing that the pricing model would force christian broadcasters off the air, although not all religious broadcasters agreed.
the perceived cost savings of a la carte pricing would be illusory for most subscribers and dramatically reduce revenues for programmers. a december 2013 analysis of the u.s. market by investment bank and asset management firm needham & company concluded an a la carte scheme would cut $ 80 billion to $ 113 billion of consumer value from the industry, cost at least $ 45 billion in advertising, and eliminate at least 124 channels and some
(chief of the secret intelligence service), indications of the german offensive of december 1944, were issued on 28 december 1944. copy no. 2 is held by the uk national archives as file hw 13/45. it sets out the various indications of an impending offensive that were received, then offers conclusions about the
of the enemy's likely intentions; over-reliance on "source" (i.e. ultra); and improvements in german security. "c" also stresses the role played by poor allied security: " the germans have this time prevented us from knowing enough about them; but we have not prevented them
they are famous in chentown, angle tail town, longmen town, qindou town, lianjiang city, hengshan town, gooddong town, and shuixi jiang hong town because stone dogs of these cities are more completely preserved.
different shapes, representing the evolution of the region. the discovery sites are historical, and may date back to the qing dynasty. according to the unofficial statistics leizhou peninsula has over a million stone dogs. the leizhou museum has collected nearly 500 stone dogs from the countryside, village corners, buried underground, or the villagers. stone dogs are a product of the historic culture and
it presents a flat landscape in the totality of its territory, with an average altitude of 5 meters on the level of the sea. the district has 6,007 inhabitants.
the 8 population centers that make up the district are: san rafael (head of the district) brisas del toro amarillo cascada la victoria losilla san bosco santa elena prado (parte)
in 1946 congress established the civilian atomic energy commission (aec) to take over the development of nuclear weapons from the military, and to develop nuclear power. the aec made use of many private companies in processing uranium and thorium and in other urgent tasks related to the development of bombs.
of the army corps of engineers was set up to deal with contaminated sites left over from these operations. the notion of using a fission weapon to ignite a process of nuclear fusion can be dated back to 1942. at the first major theoretical conference on the development of an atomic bomb hosted by j. robert oppenheimer at the university of
in the 2007–08 season, rusol became the captain of dnipro. he retired on 24 august 2011 due to back injuries, aged 28. rusol made his debut for ukraine on 31 march 2004. since then, he has played 49 matches and scored 3 goals. rusol scored ukraine's first world cup finals goal in the 4th minute against saudi arabia in the 2006 world cup.
recently, he was the captain against sweden and beat them 1–0. rusol's hobbies are jazz music and reading.
by the department of agriculture to help bring broadband to rural areas. required the federal communications commission (fcc) to develop a national broadband plan within one year. internet access has become a vital tool in development and social progress since the start of the 21st century. as a result, internet penetration and, more specifically, broadband
communications commission (fcc) did in march 2010, after first soliciting public comments from april 2009 through february 2010. the goals of the plan as described on broadband. gov are: at least 100 million u.s. homes should have affordable access to actual download speeds of at least 100 megabits per
project eines corporis juris fridericiani (1749–51), by samuel von cocceji, proved unsuccessful. the first version was called the general code for the prussian states (german: allgemeines gesetzbuch fur die preußischen staaten, agb,
and klein, who were under the orders of frederick the great, presented a project in 1785, but the general state laws for the prussian states were finally codified in 1794. frederick had recently overruled his judiciary who had ruled against the millers arnold, imprisoning judges who had disobeyed
in meteorology, a williwaw is a sudden blast of wind descending from a mountainous coast to the sea. the word is of unknown origin, but was earliest used by british seamen in the 19th century.
found in the strait of magellan, the aleutian islands and the coastal fjords of the alaskan panhandle, where the terms outflow wind and squamish wind are also used for the same phenomenon. on greenland the word piteraq is used. the williwaw results from the descent of cold, dense air from the snow and ice fields of coastal mountains in high latitude
jerry kane had expressed sentiment against federal and local government online, and was accused of doing the same in person.
near carrizozo, new mexico for driving without a license and concealing his identity. he posted a $ 1,500 bond. after that incident, he complained of a "nazi checkpoint". based on a 2004 conversation with jerry kane, clark county sheriff gene kelly expressed concern that kane would pose a dangerous threat to law enforcement officers. according to kelly, kane had complained about being "enslaved" by a judge who had sentenced him to serve six days of community service for driving with an expired license plate and
were collected into the book ashita ga aru sa (明 日 かあるさ, "there is always tomorrow"), which has been reprinted several times. hayashibara has also contributed two columns to newtype magazine; aitakute aitakute, and speaking in character. aitakute aitakute is a series of interviews conducted by hayashibara with people from all walks of life. three compilations of the column have been published. speaking in character has been translated into english for
† year of original release akiko hiramatsu — "pokemon: advanced generation": musashi
part technical — the weapon design was still quite uncertain and unworkable — and in part moral: such a weapon, they argued, could only be used against large civilian populations, and could thus only be used as a weapon of genocide. many scientists, such as bethe, urged that the united states should not develop such
promoters of the weapon, including teller, ernest lawrence, and luis alvarez, argued that such a development was inevitable, and to deny such protection to the people of the united states — especially when the soviet union was likely to create such a weapon themselves — was itself an immoral and unwise act.
u.s. troops fell back to entrenched positions in the area, presenting an imposing obstacle to a successful german advance.
, as the germans shattered their flanks, the defenders' position became untenable and u.s. troops were ordered to retreat west of the salm river. since the german plan called for the capture of st. vith by 18:00 on 17 december, the prolonged action in and around it dealt a major setback to their timetable. to protect the river crossings on the meuse at givet, dinant and namur, montgomery ordered those few units available to hold the bridges
the battle of the bulge (16 december 1944–25 january 1945) was the last major german offensive campaign on the western front during world war ii. it was launched through the densely forested ardennes region of wallonia in eastern belgium, northeast france, and luxembourg, towards the end of world war ii.
the village of foy-notre-dame, south east of dinant, being stopped by the british 21st army group on 24 december 1944. the german offensive was intended to stop allied use of the belgian port of antwerp and to split the allied lines, allowing the germans to encircle and destroy four allied armies and
cunxu, the prince of later liang's archival jin, declared himself emperor of a new state of later tang (which wuyue would become a vassal to after later tang destroyed later liang later that year), qian asked for shen's thoughts about li's era name tongguang (
had one mouth "(referring to that tong (同) lacked the enclosure of the character for" state "(國) and contained the characters of" one "(一) and" mouth " (口) inside it). qian liu died in 932, and was succeeded by his son qi
n with the elections commission on accusations of illegally using his political account to pay leo jennings who used the money to pay for rent and utilities for the condominium they shared with anthony gutierrez. gutierrez is scheduled to go on trial in august regarding different allegations relating to his tenure in dann's office. because of the deal, other more serious allegations against dann will probably never be heard as the commission decided against referring the case
dann's former spouse, alyssa lenhoff, is director of the journalism program at youngstown state university. lenhoff won several awards for investigative reporting at the tribune chronicle in warren, ohio.
by setting up the uranium committee under lyman james briggs but, with little initial funding ($ 6,000), progress was slow. it was not until the japanese attack on pearl harbor in december, 1941, that the u.s. decided to commit the necessary resources. organized research first began in britain as part
thought which meant that a deliverable bomb should be possible. in the february 1940 frisch – peierls memorandum they stated that: " the energy liberated in the explosion of such a super-bomb... will, for an instant, produce a temperature comparable to that of the interior of the sun.
since then she has released six studio albums. she has also acted in many theatrical productions (her debut being in the 1987 movie katırcılar), and also in many turkish miniseries and soap operas (three for trt, three for atv turkey, two for star tv, and one for kanal d
, dir: tunca yonder) gerilla (1994, dir: osman sınav) deniz bekliyordu (1996, dir: suna kural aytuna) kahpe bizans (2000, dir: gani mujde-tolga
stabat mater is a one-man funeral doom band from finland.
received underground acclaim following a 2002 split album with worship. for this release, stabat mater contributed a track entitled 'give them pain'. stabat mater's first full-length album was released on july 10,2009 by northern heritage records. 2009-stabat mater (s / t cd, nh-066) 2002-stabat mater / worship 2003-a slow march to the burial-with mournful congregation 2004-church of the flagellation-with bunkur, malasangre and the sad sun 2005-crushing the
the colonel's son sets off on a dun horse in pursuit. he catches up with kamal at the edge of his territory and fires his pistol at him but misses.
they gallop until dawn; after 20 miles, the dun falls. kamal turns, and knocks the pistol out of the son's hand. kamal says that it was only by his permission that the son had ridden unharmed through his territory. the son counters that his death would cost kamal's tribesemen the high price of feeding and quartering a large punitive expedition (" if there should follow a thousand swords to carry my bones away [.
nuclear arsenal. starting in 1951, the nevada test site (in the nevada desert) became the primary location for all u.s. nuclear testing (in the ussr, semipalatinsk test site in kazakhstan served a similar role). tests were divided into two primary categories: "weapons related" (verifying that a new weapon worked or looking at exactly how it worked) and "weapons effects" (looking at how weapons behaved under various
in the beginning, almost all nuclear tests were either atmospheric (conducted above ground, in the atmosphere) or underwater (such as some of the tests done in the marshall islands).
, commander of german army group b (heeresgruppe b), and von rundstedt, overall commander of the german army command in the west (ob west), were put in charge of carrying out the operation. in the west supply problems began significantly to impede allied operations, even though the opening of the port of antwerp in late november improved the situation somewhat. the positions of the allied armies stretched from southern france all the way north
german planning for the counteroffensive rested on the premise that a successful strike against thinly manned stretches of the line would halt allied advances on the entire western front.
the guarani people live in south-central part of south america, especially in paraguay and parts of the surrounding areas of argentina, brazil, and bolivia.
of the ancient myths and legends associated with the guarani people. the guarani language was not a written language until modern times, and, as such, the entirety of their religious beliefs is passed down through word of mouth only. as such, accounts of the various gods and related myths and legends can vary from one locale to the next, and the regional differences may be so extreme as to completely redefine the role a specific deity plays in the
in this context, a la carte refers to a customer subscribing to individual services, as opposed to purchasing costlier bundles of service from a traditional television provider.
expand the availability of their content beyond "linear" television, broadcasters such as cbs, hbo, and showtime have launched streaming services, including cbs all access and hbo now. these services feature their networks' respective content on-demand, and are purchased as a standalone service independent of television providers. amazon video added its own a la carte "channels" platform to its service in 2015, which allows users to subscribe to third-party content services delivered
dann was upset about an article oravecz had written entitled "locals with ties to dann get jobs".
the article described how two people with ties to dann's election campaign, including a woman who he raised as a daughter, were given state jobs. the incident was caught on tape. according to the associated press, the attorney general's office missed a legal deadline to join an appeal of a medicaid-related court decision the state government opposes. the deadline for filing the documents was dann's inauguration day. the failure to join the appeal does not prevent the state from filing briefs in
2,300 mi; 3,700 km), twice that of the standard production f-86a. the resultant fighter originally designated the f-86c was intended to compete with the xf-88 voodoo and lockheed xf-90 to fulfill the usaf's penetration fighter requirement for a bomber escort.
increased weight and girth necessitated a dual-wheel main landing gear, increased wing area and a more powerful engine, the pratt & whitney j48 rated at 6,250 lbf (27.8 kn) static thrust and 8,750 lbf (38.9 kn) thrust available in afterburner
his many acclaimed performances include mr. m in the south african play my children my africa and the 71-year-old nelson williams johns in the black theatre workshop / centaur productions of wade in the water.
not, riverdale, christie's revenge, sci-fighters, the boys of st. vincent, mind over murder, deacons for defense, dark eyes, the killing yard, convict cowboy, charlie jade, the christmas choir, forever knight, due south, earth: final conflict, the kiss, spenser: a savage place, 15 / love, f / x: the series, criminal law,
in mathematics, the robin boundary condition (/ ˈrɒbɪn /; properly french: [ʁɔbɛ]), or third type boundary condition, is a type of boundary condition, named after victor gustave robin (1855–1897).
on an ordinary or a partial differential equation, it is a specification of a linear combination of the values of a function and the values of its derivative on the boundary of the domain. robin boundary conditions are a weighted combination of dirichlet boundary conditions and neumann boundary conditions. this contrasts to mixed boundary conditions, which are boundary conditions of different types specified on different subsets
shen song died in 938 and was given the posthumous name wenxian (文 [UNK], "civil and wise").
he left a 20-volume collection of his work.
i positioned british troops as reserves behind the first and ninth armies until such time as american reserves could be created. slowly but surely the situation was held, and then finally restored. similar action was taken on the southern flank of the bulge by bradley, with the third army.
on the 16th, the change of leadership to montgomery did not become known to the outside world until eventually shaef made a public announcement making clear that the change in command was "absolutely nothing to do with failure on the part of the three american generals". this resulted in headlines in british newspapers. the story was also covered in stars and stripes and for the
nyi and victoria azarenka. murray was the great britain flag bearer during the opening ceremony for the 2016 summer olympics. he reached the gold medal match in the singles competition, whilst losing in the first and second rounds of the men's doubles and mixed doubles competitions respectively. after a 4-hour final, murray defeated juan martin del potro and successfully retained his title as olympic champion, achieving a second olympic gold medal – a feat
murray made his davis cup debut for great britain in the europe / africa zone group 1 2nd round against israel in 2005 at 17 years of age, the youngest ever player for great britain.
in march 2017, the annual arnold classic hosted its first professional female strongman competition. in these contests, the participants compete in the same types of events that can be found in a strongman competition.
of varying weight, often the barbell or axle is loaded with wagon or truck wheels that are larger than standard weighted plates tire flip vehicle pull some notable modern strongwomen include: beth phoenix, wwe diva jill mills, 2001 and 2002 world's strongest woman robin coleman, who took 3rd place in the 2001 wsw competition becca swanson, powerlifting world record holder aneta florczyk, four time winner of
running parallel to walnut street, one or two blocks to the north (depending on whether the side street sansom street is counted), is chestnut street. pennsylvania route 3 westbound follows walnut street from 38th street (u.s. route 13) to its western terminus at the cobbs creek parkway.
in the high-end neighborhood of the same name. the majority of designer and fast fashion stores located on walnut street are situated on a four-block stretch between broad street and 18th street, which is anchored by the park on the southwest corner. this area of walnut street and a few blocks to the east features a variety of
examples include an organized society's or company's board of directors and government agency boards like a board of education. a committee is a body of one or more persons subordinate to a deliberative assembly.
a committee is not itself considered to be a form of assembly.
rohmer stated that "cinema here will survive only because of television. without such an alliance we won't be able to afford french films." the experiment paid off when the film was a theatrical hit after being released three days after its initial broadcast.
it won the golden lion and the fipresci prize at the 1986 venice film festival. it was mostly praised by film critics, although alain robbe-grillet wrote an unfavorable review and stated "i didn't like it very much."
blount, 1st earl of newport (c. 1597–1666), created baron mountjoy in the irish peerage (1617), baron mountjoy of thurveston in the english peerage (1627) and earl of newport (1628) was appointed master of ordnance to charles i of england (1634) and played an ambiguous part in the early years of the english civil
born around 1597, he was the natural son of charles blount, earl of devonshire and his lover and future wife, penelope devereux, and was born while his parents were living together without benefit of marriage.
two of the common themes in wertsch's book are abuse and alcoholism. these are echoed in other literature of the cold war, such as pat conroy's the great santini. in the 1980s and 1990s the u.s. military focused on the issues of abuse and alcoholism. the impact on the military's efforts remains inconclusive.
some studies report higher rates of abuse in military families, while others report lower rates. the studies that conclude abuse is a bigger problem in military families than civilian families attribute this to the long hours, frequent disruptions in lifestyles, and high degree of stress.
shen then headed home toward the min region rather than remain to serve in the imperial examination — perhaps because at that time, the tang state was overrun with various disturbances. as he went through huainan circuit ([UNK] 南, headquartered in modern yangzhou, jiangsu), the military governor of huainan (should be referring to yang xingmi) invited him to serve on staff, but he declined
he proceeded to hang prefecture ([UNK] 州, in modern hangzhou, zhejiang), which was then under the rule of qian liu the military governor of zhenhai circuit ([UNK] 海, headquartered at hang).
finn also becomes even more physically dirty than before. however, finn's opposition to philip returns when he refuses to make love to melanie, as he considers this to be part of philip's machinations. soon the day of the puppet show arrives.
has arranged for melanie to play leda as she is raped by the god jove in the guise of a monstrous swan. however, the play is not successful, as melanie struggles to beat off the swan. as she scrambles to escape the swan puppet, finn calls for the end of the show. in a rage, philip slaps melanie and accuses her of
ballad of east and west " is a poem by rudyard kipling. it was first published in 1889, and has been much collected and anthologised since. kamal, a tribal chieftain in the north-west frontier (then on the boundary of the british raj, nowadays in pakistan), steals the british colonel's prize mare.
the colonel's son, who commands a troop of the guides, asks if any of his men know where kamal might be. one does, and tells him, and warns him of the dangers of entering kamal's territory guarded by tribesmen concealed among the rocks and scrub.
as a figure keen to maintain his prestige as an enlightened absolutist, codification of the laws was a desirable response to his un-enlightened break of the 'rule of law'.
laws as well known for being simple to read and interpret, without much abstract, being rather an every-day regulating laws, but others point out that while the code was written in german, it used an incredibly casuistic and imprecise language, making it hard to properly understand and use in practice. after the second partition of poland, it was promulgated on the annexed territories as subsidiary law,
ilde of hackeborn (1240/1241–19 november 1298) was a saxon christian saint (from what is now germany) and a benedictine nun. in the modern benedictine calendar, her feast is celebrated on the anniversary of her death, november 19. she died in the monastery of helfta
1240 or 1241, she belonged to one of the noblest and most powerful thuringian families; her sister was the illustrious abbess gertrude of hackeborn. the family of hackeborn belonged to a dynasty of barons in thuringia who were related to the hohenstaufen family and
there is one master; the guiding spirit of all souls that constantly leads all followers toward the light. there is one holy book; the sacred manuscript of nature, the only scripture that can enlighten the reader.
is one religion; unswerving progress in the right direction toward the ideal, which fulfills every soul's life purpose. there is one law; the law of reciprocity, which can be observed by a selfless conscience, together with a sense of awakened justice. there is one brotherhood; the human brotherhood which unites the children of earth indiscriminately in the fatherhood of
there have been american military brats dating back 200 years to the birth of the united states.
long as there has been organized warfare. the term "little traveller", used to describe the travelling child of a soldier (following his or her father's army from place to place), also appears in literature as early as 1811. in johnson's dictionary of 1755, "brat" is defined as either "a child, so called in contempt" or "the progeny; the offspring". examples are quoted from spenser's the faerie queene, published in 1590; coriolanus and
world and "provided a decisive impetus for the emergence of the anti-nuclear weapons movement in many countries". the anti-nuclear weapons movement grew rapidly because for many people the atomic bomb "encapsulated the very worst direction in which society was moving". peace movements emerged in japan and in 1954 they converged to form a unified "japanese council against atomic and hydrogen bombs". japanese opposition to the pacific nuclear weapons tests was widespread, and " an estimated 35 million signatures were collected on petitions
the russell – einstein manifesto was issued in london on july 9,1955 by bertrand russell in the midst of the cold war.
an acrostic is a type of word puzzle, related somewhat to crossword puzzles, that uses an acrostic form. it typically consists of two parts. the first part is a set of lettered clues, each of which has numbered blanks representing the letters of the answer.
of numbered blanks and spaces, representing a quotation or other text, into which the answers for the clues fit. in some forms of the puzzle, the first letters of each correct clue answer, read in order from clue a on down the list, will spell out the author of the quote and the title of the work it is
belgian cup 2004–2005 the next season in may 2005 marc brys won with germinal beerschot the belgian cup against club brugge kv (1-2). it was the first and the only price this team won in their history.
rminal beerschot played uefa cup 2005/06 where they were eliminated by olympique de marseille after two draw games with penalties. 2006/2007 marc brys coached royal mouscron-peruwelz where he was fired having the seventh place on the ranking. in the following period marc brys coached in holland the teams eindhoven and
after his mother obtained a divorce from her first husband robert rich, 1st earl of warwick, in 1605, his parents married and although they were unable to legitimise him, his father, who died shortly after the marriage, left him a large estate. his mother died the following year.
a masque before the king mounted by james hay, 1st viscount doncaster (later earl of carlisle) at essex house, 8 january 1620/1621. he was among the entourage of the earl of carlisle, who were employed to offer excuses at the court of louis xiii, for the passage of prince charles through paris incognito on
hit-up on surfers paradise ' beach. manly warringah sea eagles-on the manly beach boulevarde. melbourne storm-running across federation square. newcastle knights-danny buderus scoring a try on the newcastle waterfront. north queensland cowboys-streets of townsville. new zealand warriors-steve price in front of the city skyline of auckland. parramatta eels-eric grothe, jr. running down church street. penrith panthers-players on mulgoa road. st george illawarra dragons-mark gasnier
south sydney rabbitohs-roy asotasi taking a hitup in the sydney harbour tunnel.
according to bastien, this is a violation of the independence of the judiciary.
he concludes that the patriation reference has no legitimacy whatsoever and should be considered void and of no effect.
in new york on june 12,1982, one million people gathered to protest about nuclear weapons, and to support the second un special session on disarmament. as the nuclear abolitionist movement grew, there were many protests at the nevada test site.
, nearly 2,000 demonstrators, including six members of congress, protested against nuclear weapons testing and more than 400 people were arrested. four of the significant groups organizing this renewal of anti-nuclear activism were greenpeace, the american peace test, the western shoshone, and nevada desert experience. there have been at least four major false alarms, the most recent in 1995,
– hymner fran vagen och epas torg is an album recorded and released in 2002 by several of sweden's most noteworthy artists as a tribute to the swedish progg band nationalteatern. the booklet also contains notes from some of the artists and others about their personal relationships with nationalteatern's
sent en lordagskvall from the 1980 release "rovarkungens o", performed by the rock band the hellacopters. bangen tralar (anders melander) from "livet ar en fest" released in 1974, performed by the soundtrack of our lives and nina
and final grand master of the knights templar, is burned at the stake. 1438 – albert ii of habsburg becomes holy roman emperor. 1608 – susenyos is formally crowned emperor of ethiopia. 1644 – the third anglo-powhatan war begins in the colony of virginia. 1741 – new york governor george clarke's complex at fort george is burned in an arson attack, starting the new york conspiracy of 1741.1766
1793 – the first modern republic in germany, the republic of mainz, is declared by andreas joseph hofmann. 1793 – flanders campaign of the french revolution, battle of neerwinden.
as of 2011,43,641 students enroll in the archdiocese's 115 schools, making it the sixth largest catholic school system in the united states.
archdiocese, nearly a quarter of students (36,684 as of 2007) attend private schools, a rate only second to st. louis county, missouri. the 23 catholic high schools in the region operate under varying degrees of archdiocesan control. several are owned and operated by the archdiocese, while other interparochial schools are run by groups of parishes under archdiocesan supervision. most of the interparochial and non-archdiocesan
nuclear weapons possess enormous destructive power from nuclear fission or combined fission and fusion reactions.
1930s, the united states, the united kingdom and canada collaborated during world war ii, in what was called the manhattan project, to counter the suspected nazi german atomic bomb project. in august 1945, two fission bombs were dropped on japan, standing to date as the only use of nuclear weapons in combat. the soviet union started development shortly thereafter with their own atomic bomb project, and not long after that both countries developed even more powerful fusion weapons known as "hydrogen bombs". in the first decades of the 20th century, physics was revolutionised with developments
the logo is now much more similar to the original nrl logo in style. spirit producers bundaberg rum are sponsoring monday night football-to be known as bundaberg monday night football.
2007 season the number of teams in the nrl had increasing from fifteen to sixteen with the re-inclusion of a gold coast, queensland-based club for the first since 1998, now as the gold coast titans. it was the first time the number of premiership teams had changed since 2002 when the re-inclusion of the south sydney rabbitohs saw the number of teams increase from 14 to 15. the titans were the nrl's first
be taxed at varying rates depending on the jurisdiction, in the same way that phone and mail orders are taxed. the absence of direct taxation of the internet does not mean that all transactions taking place online are free of tax, or even that the internet is free of all tax. in fact, nearly all online transactions are subject to one form of tax or another. the internet tax freedom act
for example, a state may impose an income or franchise tax on the net income earned by the provider of online services, while the same state would be precluded from imposing its sales tax on the gross receipts of that provider.
and two unidentified works by swift (1667–1745). noted military brat researcher mary edwards wertsch polled 85 ex-military children as to whether or not they liked the term "military brat", and only five respondents (5.9% of the study group) objected to the term.
so is no longer merely a slang term, but a name clearly attached to a recognized and well-studied segment of u.s. culture: "most of the professional research on growing up in military families has contributed to the perpetuation of the 'brat' label," sociologist and noted expert on the study of military
despite the complex situation, bobovac managed to complete the task entrusted to him by milos in 1831, but at the cost of a serious conflict with some of the muslim chiefs which was to have tragic consequences for him and his life several months later.
our with milos. but that fact has to this day failed to shed light on the exact cause of his sudden death on july 14/26,1832. namely, after bobovac was ambushed by a never identified group of people, who could more probably have been muslims from the soko district seeking revenge due to bobovac's role in their relocation to bosnia, bobovac died
known antipathy, montgomery's failure to mention the contribution of any american general besides eisenhower was seen as insulting. indeed, general bradley and his american commanders were already starting their counterattack by the time montgomery was given command of 1st and 9th u.s. armies. focusing exclusively on his own generalship, montgomery continued to say he thought the counteroffensive had gone very well but did not explain the reason for his delayed attack on 3 january. he later attributed this to
according to winston churchill, the attack from the south under patton was steady but slow and involved heavy losses, and montgomery was trying to avoid this situation.
west hika was launched on may 12,1919 and delivered to the united states shipping board in january, 1920. upon delivery, the vessel was allocated to los angeles pacific navigation company, who along with four other ships put it on her routes to the orient.
a february 1920 trip by west hika netted $ 110,500, while in june 1920 the ship brought from sumatra 7,576 cases of rubber for the goodyear plant in los angeles worth about $ 750,000. however, by early 1921 it became clear that with the tariffs imposed by the shipping board, it was impossible for american merchants to compete with
studies show that there are three phases to deployment, and each phase has different impacts on the family. military spouses reported the following when their spouse was deployed: predeployment — marital stress / conflict, distancing from spouse, anger, resentment, sadness / depression, negative child behavior.
support, assuming the role of single parent, child care difficulties, sleep disturbances, physical symptoms, home and car repairs, difficulty accessing military services, negative child behavior. postdeployment / reunion — redefining responsibilities, marital stress, communication problems, anxiety, anger, resentment, parent-child attachment issues
ms & ad insurance group holdings (ms & adインシュアランスクルーフホールティンクス [UNK] [UNK] 会 社 emu esu ando ei di inshuaransu gurupu horudingusu kabushiki-gaisha) (tyo: 8725) is a japanese insurance company. its businesses include mitsui sumitomo insurance and aioi nissay dowa insurance.
it is listed on the nikkei 225.
mitchell felt that he was drained of spirituality during this time, and felt that the school focused on academics rather than zealous spirituality.
the way mitchell discipled ministers, and preferred on-the-job training rather than bible schools. pastor mitchell recommends ministers acquire the book the foundations of pentecostal theology because the majority of the doctrine taught in cfm is expounded on in it. the book was written by two foursquare ministers and published by l.i.f.e. bible college in los angeles. after pastoring several churches in foursquare, wayman mitchell was given the pastorate of
military brats are raised in a culture their strict (outward) adherence to military values is what separates most from their civilian peers. children of military personnel often mirror the values, ideals, and attitudes of their parents more than children of civilians.
the joint chiefs of staff, said in a 2006 interview, "there's no way, in my mind, that you can be successful in the military and have a family unless that family does, in fact, appreciate your service to the country." pace also wrote in an april 2006 letter honoring the month of the military child: " you [military children] are american patriots and
inayat khan's full name was inayat khan rehmat khan pathan.
descended from pashtuns of afghanistan initially settled in sialkot, punjab, and his maternal grandfather, ustad maula bakhsh (1833–1896), called the 'beethoven of india', founded, thanks to the local ruler maharaja sayajirao, gayanshala, an academy of indian music, and in fact the first of its kind in india, in vadodara (nowadays serving as the faculty of performing arts, maharaja sayajirao university) and whose wife (thus inayat khan '
great britain beat croatia 4–1 to qualify for the world group in 2008. after the retirement of tim henman and greg rusedski, the davis cup team was now dependent on murray having to win three matches, though henman had told him how wearing and time consuming that can be.
lta was funding brad gilbert, murray was obligated to play for his country, but in november, murray finished with brad gilbert as his coach. murray skipped the world group 1st round tie against argentina, over fears he could exacerbate a knee injury, leaving the british team in a hopeless situation – they lost 4
by this time, however, higher performance aircraft were available and both aircraft were eventually declared surplus and scrapped.
: 14,035 lb (6,366 kg) gross weight: 21,610 lb (9,802 kg) max takeoff weight: 26,516 lb (12,027 kg) powerplant: 1 × pratt & whitney j48-p-6 turbojet, 6,000 lbf (27 kn) thrust dry, 8,750 lbf (38.9 kn) with afterburner performance maximum speed: 708 mph (1,139 km / h; 615 kn)
arick wierson (born november 23,1971) is an american television and media executive, columnist and international political consultant.
tv (now known as nyc media), a network that has been recognized as an innovator and pioneer in public broadcasting across the united states and internationally, and is credited with spurring the revolution in hyperlocal non-news format programming in the broadcasting world. wierson was described as "one of the most important people in new york media" by the television industry's weekly "bible", broadcasting & cable magazine. during his tenure at nyc media, wierson led the flagship nyc
was a royal navy 18-gun cruizer-class brig-sloop built by hamilton & breeds and launched in 1806 at hastings. she served in the channel, where she captured a small privateer, and in the east indies, where she participated in the capture of isle de france (now mauritius) and the operations
. racehorse was commissioned in march 1806 under commander robert forbes, who sailed her for the mediterranean on 25 may. by june 1807 she was under captain william fisher, cruising in the channel. racehorse was among the vessels that detained the danish ships die twende softre on 28 august, and swannen on 7
peiper set up defenses waiting for german relief. when the relief force was unable to penetrate the allied lines, he decided to break through the allied lines and return to the german lines on 23 december. the men of the kampfgruppe were forced to abandon their vehicles and heavy equipment, although most of the 800 remaining troops were able to escape. the us 99th infantry division, outnumbered five to one, inflicted casualties in
the division lost about 20% of german losses were much higher. in the northern sector opposite the 99th, this included more than 4,000 deaths and the destruction of 60 tanks and big guns.
a small 19th century planned village, new one of the earliest churches in scotland, is said to have been founded here in 580 ad by saint drostan and saint columba. during world war ii, a german heinkel he115 crashed near a farm on windyheads hill.
local people assisted an injured airman. the story is captured in a 2018 book "north east scotland at war-events and facts 1939-1945" which corrects the belief the aircraft came from norway and ran out of fuel, it was actually from germany and it crashed in bad weather.
but the station was not able to get first-rate syndicated programs. in the fall of 1986, the station had a proposed sale to the home shopping network but due to debt the station could not be sold excluding shows and debt.
and soon after had been turned over to receivership under the ownership of stephen j. kent. in 1987, its license was involuntarily assigned to channel 64 joint venture, debtor-in-possession. in march 1988, channel 64 acquisition, inc. took over. in november 1989, the license was voluntarily assigned to cincinnati tv 64 limited partnership, under the ownership of andrew banks
celaenorrhinus nigropunctata is a butterfly in the hesperiidae family.
it is found from cameroon to uganda. celaenorrhinus nigropunctata nigropunctata (congo, democratic republic of the congo, western uganda) celaenorrhinus nigropunctata netta evans, 1937 (cameroon)
telecommunications infrastructure loan program: provides long-term direct and guaranteed loans to qualified organizations for the purpose of financing the improvement, expansion, construction, acquisition, and operation of telephone lines, facilities, or systems to furnish and improve telecommunications service in rural areas. all facilities financed must be capable of supporting broadband services.
th united states congress and signed into law by president barack obama on february 17,2009. the bill provides funding for broadband grant and loan programs: $ 4.7 billion to create the broadband technology opportunities program within the national telecommunications and information administration (ntia) of the department of commerce to bring broadband to unser
of lucky luke n°3 ", at lucky comics was published on both devices. the comic made a 50 000 € turnover. in april 2009," les blondes " 10th volume was the top-selling comic for 10 months on the appstore. after, in august 2009, the avecomics application was
the company's website was launched in september when more than 100 titles were available on smartphones and computers. avecomics works with over 80 international publishers including glenat, marsu productions, delcourt, casterman, soleil, ubisoft, les humanoides associes and mad fabri
performs feats of strength in a show or circus, or a woman who competes in strength athletics. traditionally, strongwomen have had a special appeal, as women involved in demonstrated feats of strength were exceptions. traditionally, strongwomen were featured as performers in a circus, or in vaudeville, music halls, or other venues, and engaged in feats of strength such as barbell lifting and human juggling. some famous traditional strongwomen include: minerva (josephine blatt nee wohlford
charmion (laverie vallee nee cooper), (1875–1949) born in sacramento, california.
the racial makeup of the village was 97.60% white, 0.80% native american, and 1.60% from two or more races.
of norwegian, 12.3% irish, 10.4% swedish, 9.4% german, 7.5% french canadian, 6.6% italian, 6.6% polish and 5.7% english ancestry according to census 2000. there were 47 households out of which 38.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.2% were married couples living together, 2.1% had a female householder with no husband
- issue series (sept. 1953 – oct. 1954), appearing under three titles, that introduced the enduring kubert prehistoric hero tor. in 1953, st. john took over a number of ziff davis comics titles, including the romance comics cinderella love and romantic love, the western comic kid cowboy, and the jungle adventure title wild boy
st. john publications utilized the first african-american comic-book artist in mainstream media, matt baker, who contributed to the ostensibly true-crime series authentic police cases, the light humor comic canteen kate, the romance books cinderella love and teen-age romances, and many others.
benskin did not stand as a candidate in the 2015 federal election.
– arnold ross the amityville curse – video technician bears – narrator blind fear – guard the boys of st. vincent – dr. maynard cagney and lacey: the view through the glass ceiling – dr. nasser canvas – det. austin cargo – radio christie's revenge – detective hogue the christmas choir – bob convict cowboy – curtis criminal law – jackson deacons for defense – archie dead like me: life after death – police commissioner cusek enemies: a love story – cabbie fais danser la poussiere – lawyer the
holburn west church is a congregation of the church of scotland. it is located at the intersection ashley park drive and the great western road, in the west end of aberdeen, scotland.
the church building was opened for worship in october 1894. the sanctuary and entrance to the church was refurbished in 2004. the church has a choir that is under the patronage of the duchess of kent.
this was later adapted by followers to; "there is one family, the human family, which unites the children of earth indiscriminately in the parenthood of god."
love which springs forth from self-denial and blooms in deeds of beneficence.... (later alternative; "which springs forth from a willing heart, surrendered in service to god and humanity, and which blooms in deeds of beneficence"). there is one object of praise; the beauty which uplifts the heart of its worshipper through all aspects from the seen to the unseen. there is
its newest and most powerful tank, the tiger ii heavy tank, consumed 3.8 litres (1 gal) of fuel to go 800 m (. 5 mi), and the germans had less than half the fuel they needed to reach antwerp.
north fared badly because of unexpectedly fierce resistance by the u.s. 2nd and 99th infantry divisions. kampfgruppe peiper, at the head of the sepp dietrich's sixth panzer army, had been designated to take the losheim-losheimergraben road, a key route through the losheim gap, but it was closed by two collapsed overpass
beluga airport resides at elevation of 87 feet (27 m) above mean sea level. it has two runways with gravel surfaces: 1/19 is 5,002 by 100 feet (1,525 x 30 m) and 9/27 is 2,505 by 60 feet (764 x 18 m).
for the 12-month period ending january 15,1993, the airport had 5,600 aircraft operations, an average of 15 per day: 91% general aviation and 9% air taxi.
others develop psychological problems due to the intense stress of always being on their best behavior. military life is strictly segregated by rank;
facilities provided for officers and enlisted personnel differ dramatically. the officers' housing will generally be more accessible to base activities, larger in size, and better landscaped. on larger bases, the officers' housing may be broken down into different categories, with senior officers receiving larger and more opulent housing; sometimes, the highest-ranking officers live in a row of large houses often referred to as "colonels' / captains' row" or "generals' / admirals' row," as the case
museum, london. hirst, a. stanley, 1920. "species of arachnida and myriopoda (scorpions, spiders, mites, ticks and centipedes) injurious to man". trustees of the british museum, london. hirst, a. stanley, 1923. "on some arachnid remains from the old red sandstone (rhyne chert bed, aberdeenshire)".
9,12:455–474. hirst, a. stanley, 1926. "on some new genera and species of arachnida".
del canto, or coll del canto or coll de la pedra del canto, is a mountain pass at an altitude of 1,730 metres (5,680 ft) located at the border of the municipalities of soriguera, in the comarca of pallars sobira, and montferrer i castellbo in the comarca of alt urgell in catalonia, spain. the pass is located at kilometre 260 of the n-260 road
it is on the ridge which connects the serra seca, to the north, with the serrat de pratprimer to the south.
people took part in the four-day marches. in 1959, a letter in the bulletin of the atomic scientists was the start of a successful campaign to stop the atomic energy commission dumping radioactive waste in the sea 19 kilometres from boston. on november 1,1961, at the height of the cold war, about 50,000 women brought together by women strike for peace marched in 60
it was the largest national women's peace protest of the 20th century. in 1958, linus pauling and his wife presented the united nations with the petition signed by more than 11,000 scientists calling for an end to nuclear-weapon testing.
this decision was particularly opposed by the muslims in the villages by the drina and around the town of soko.
1830. in april he already came into conflict with the muslims whom husein pasha from belgrade had called upon by decree (buruntia) to return to their former estates and continue to farm them as they had before the eviction. until august of the same year muslims returned en masse to the soko district, and by january 1831 they had practically all returned. during that time bobovac had several conflicts with these, who wrote to prince milos about it on march 9/21 threatening that they "
a 1999 indian malayalam action film directed by shaji kailas, written by dennis joseph, and starring suresh gopi, indraja, biju menon, bheeman raghu, maniyan pillai raju and rajeev. the film was dubbed and released in telugu with same name. the film starts with roy alex (k.b. ganesh kumar), an investigative journalist writing on hawala money from the middle east, writing about
then he meets former mp and business tycoon rahim haji (narendra prasad) as invited by haji's driver basheer (mohan jose).
after turning to other pressing issues, his staff reminded him that they should reply to the german demand. one officer, lt. col. harry kinnard, noted that mcauliffe's initial reply would be "tough to beat."
typed up and delivered to the germans, the line he made famous and a morale booster to his troops: "nuts!" that reply had to be explained, both to the germans and to non-american allies. both 2nd panzer and panzer-lehr division moved forward from bastogne after 21 december, leaving only panzer-lehr division's 901st regiment to assist
these revisions shared the same fate as dietrich's objections. in the end, the headlong drive on elsenborn ridge would not benefit from support from german units that had already bypassed the ridge.
decision to stop the attacks on the twin villages and change the axis of the attacks southward to the hamlet of domane butgenbach, was also made by dietrich. this decision played into american hands, as robertson had already decided to abandon the villages. the staff planning and organization of the attack was well done; most of the units committed to the offensive reached their jump off points undetected and were well organized and supplied for
west hika was a design 1013 cargo ship built in 1919 by the los angeles shipbuilding & dry dock co of los angeles.
board. the west ships were cargo ships of similar size and design built by several shipyards on the west coast of the united states for the united states shipping board (ussb) for emergency use during world war i. most were given names that began with the word west. the ship was laid down at los angeles shipbuilding & dry dock co shipyard (yard number 19, ussb hull number 1402), and launched at 20:40 on 12 may 1919. miss susanne valentine, daughter
agelena cuspidata is a species of spider in the family agelenidae, which contains 1146 species of funnel-web spiders.
it was first described by zhang, zhu & song, in 2005. it is primarily found in china.
nathan bronsten (1904–1975), or nathan bronstein was an american-born british writer and producer.
he trained as an engineer. they made me a fugitive (1947) master of bankdam (1947) the brass monkey (1948) silent dust (1949) the hidden room (1949) aka obsession give us this day (1949) valley of the eagles (1951)
at that time, the station's signal was scrambled as it carried programming from the ontv service, which provided movies, sports, and live events to viewers through a paid subscription and required a decoder to receive ontv programs. eventually, wbti expanded its broadcast day by signing on earlier; the station began carrying movies and cartoons until 10 a.m., when the christian broadcasting network program the 700 club aired until 11:
the afternoon lineup consisted of movies, cartoons, and sitcoms such as i love lucy and the dick van dyke show. morning cartoons included underdog, tennessee tuxedo and popeye.
shortly after her graduation, she worked as an artist at anafartalar middle school, and then as a music teacher at akaretler middle school in istanbul. aldinc later went to ankara and participated in the eurovision's primary competitions on trt at that time and qualified to represent turkey.
their song, "donme dolap" (the carousel), earned the eighteenth place. aldinc, who worked as a designer for six years in yıldız porcelain factory, started to perform in the casinos in 1985. her first solo album was released in 1988 with the support of ayse
weapons could lead to worldwide death or harm. even in the decades before fission weapons, there had been speculation about the possibility for human beings to end all life on the planet, either by accident or purposeful maliciousness — but technology had not provided the capacity for such action. the great power of hydrogen bombs made worldwide
the castle bravo incident itself raised a number of questions about the survivability of a nuclear war. government scientists in both the u.s. and the ussr had insisted that fusion weapons, unlike fission weapons, were cleaner, as fusion reactions did not produce the dangerously radioactive by-products of fission reactions.
at the 1995 event, she decided to give a speech in english after believing the translation at the 1993 event did not reflect what she had said.
ayanami in neon genesis evangelion, a role referred to as "innovative casting". in addition to voicing musashi / jessie of team rocket in pokemon, hayashibara has also voiced ash's pidgeotto and pidgeot, may's skitty, whitney's miltank, clair's dratini and dragonair, latios, latias, and anabel's espeon in both the japanese and
st. john publications was an american publisher of magazines and comic books. during its short existence (1947–58), st. john's comic books established several industry firsts. founded by archer st. john, the firm was located in manhattan at 545 fifth avenue.
end in 1958, the company continued to publish its magazine line into the next decade. flying eagle publications was a magazine affiliate of st. john publications. comic book imprints included approved comics, blue ribbon, and jubilee publications. the younger brother of world war ii correspondent and author robert william st. john (1902–2003), archer st.
ave! comics production is a privately owned french company editing comics on smartphones, tablets and computers.
aquafadas, a software development company in digital publishing owned by kobo inc.. avecomics is a comic book store for digital comic books that can be used on computers, tablets, and smartphones. (ios, android) readers can buy and read comic books, manga and graphic novels in french, english and spanish. avecomics uses a technology created by aquafadas for comics transformation, distribution and reading, based around its ave format. the avecomics application was also a finalist in the blackberry innovation
since that day the lost soul of the woman goes through canyons and hills on stormy nights, crying plaintive and eerie. mala vision is presented as the spirit of a beautiful woman dressed in white, tall and deformed shrouded in transparent fumes.
plata yvyguy, (buried treasure), many treasures were buried during the paraguayan war, it's a tradition that if you see a headless white dog that disappears and re-appears all the time in your house, it means that under it, plata yvyguy is buried.
hitler believed he could fully concentrate on the soviets on the eastern front. the surprise attack caught the allied forces completely off guard. american forces bore the brunt of the attack and incurred their highest casualties of any operation during the war. the battle also severely depleted germany's armored forces, and they were largely unable to replace them. german personnel and, later, luftwaffe aircraft (in the concluding stages of the engagement) also sustained
the germans officially referred to the offensive as unternehmen wacht am rhein ("operation watch on the rhine"), while the allies designated it the ardennes counteroffensive.
prisoners of war spread through allied lines. following the end of the war, soldiers and officers of kampfgruppe peiper, including joachim peiper and ss general sepp dietrich, were tried for the incident at the malmedy massacre trial. driving to the south-east of elsenborn, kampfgruppe peiper entered honsfeld, where they encountered one of the 99th division's rest centers, clogged
they quickly captured portions of the 3rd battalion of the 394th infantry regiment. they destroyed a number of american armored units and vehicles, and took several dozen prisoners who were subsequently murdered.
she was forced to campaign from her bedside, as she was hospitalized for "a major health issue" and made fundraising calls "while she was being rolled into the operating room." ultimately, edwards-walpole defeated pavalock in a landslide, receiving 67% of the vote to her opponent's 33%, winning her first term in the legislature. during the 2013 legislative session, edwards-walpole sponsored a bill that would allow judges to avoid mandatory minimums and exercise discretion with regard to prescription
under the law, prescription drug addicts were treated the same way in the criminal justice system as were the traffickers.
one of the fault lines between the british and american high commands was general dwight d. eisenhower's commitment to a broad front advance.
chief of the imperial general staff, field marshal alan brooke, as well as field marshal montgomery, who promoted a rapid advance on a narrow front, with the other allied armies in reserve. british field marshal bernard montgomery had differing views of how to approach the german attack with the u.s. command. his ensuing public pronouncements of opinion caused tension in the american high command. major general freddie de guingand, chief of staff of montgomery's 21st army group, rose to
retirement on the doubles court. in the run up to world group play-off against croatia, tim henman had announced he would retire after this match. murray said " i'm not going to want to let the team down or let tim down, i'd feel terrible if i was the one that was responsible for losing tim's last tie. this means a lot to me and it's definitely going to be the biggest davis cup match of
"everyone is going to want to win for tim. i'm hoping the way i play will show him what his career meant to my development and me."
17 october 1815. p.
no. 17748 ". the london gazette. 22 september 1821. p. 1908. metropolitan trust company (london, england). report of the directors, volumes 6-9, p. 39." no. 17779 ". the london gazette. 5 january 1822. p. 23." no. 17277 ". the london gazette. 16 august 1817. p. 1772." no. 17815 ". the london gazette. 7 may 1822. p. 760." no. 17253 ". the london gazette. 24 may 1817. pp. 1212–121
b-47 which reputedly would not need an escort due to its high speed capabilities. with the prototype yf-93as just coming off the production line, the usaf took over the project. the prototypes, serial numbers 48-317 and-318, began flight tests in 1950 and were entered in a fly
none of the projects would be ordered. the yf-93as were turned over to the national advisory committee for aeronautics (naca) ames facility for further testing before being utilized as chase aircraft until 1956. flight with the naca ducts proved troublesome at high angles of attack, restricting air flow to
but there were no correspondents in the area of saint-vith, elsenborn, or monschau-hofen.
at bletchley park, f.l. lucas and peter calvocoressi of hut 3 were tasked in early 1945 with writing a report on the lessons to be learned from the handling of pre-battle intelligence. the report concluded that "the costly reverse might have been avoided if ultra had been more carefully considered". "ultra intelligence was plentiful and informative" though "not wholly free from ambiguity", "but it was misread and misused".
this left no players from the expansion draft on the tfc roster.
source
murray led britain against japan in the first world group match in birmingham, before sitting out the quarter final in belgrade against serbia which fell just after wimbledon.
indicates the outcome of the davis cup match followed by the score, date, place of event, the zonal classification and its phase, and the court surface.
to "fight [his] own way back" to his territory. kamal advises him that the theft of the mare, which after all didn't belong to him personally, shouldn't provoke him to place his life at risk with such rash demands. the colonel's son reiterates the demand on behalf of his father, at which point
kamal respects the mare's choice of owner ("'we be two strong men [...] but she loveth the younger best.'") and offers to let the colonel's son also keep the fine horse furniture with which kamal has equipped her.
each member is free to act according to own judgement. each member has an equal vote. a member can remain part of the group, even after disagreeing with a decision. the members at the meeting act for the entire group, even if there are members absent.
of a deliberative assembly has the right to attend meetings, make motions, speak in debate, and vote. organizations may have different classes of members (such as regular members, active members, associate members, and honorary members), but the rights of each class of membership must be defined (such as whether a "member" in a class has the right
ol (ukrainian: андріи анатоліиович русол; born 16 january 1983) is a ukrainian retired footballer who formerly played as a defender for dnipro dnipropetrovsk and the ukrainian national team. rusol was a defender. he started his career
he then transferred to kryvbas kryvyi rih for the 1999–2000 season. he played for kryvbas until 2003, when he was transferred to dnipro dnipropetrovsk. he played 117 matches for dnipro and scored 5 goals.
tider ep " is an ep from swedish pop group gyllene tider, released in 1996 during their reunion tour atertaget 96. the ep was also released as a bonus ep as a-side. the ep peaked at no. 1 on the swedish singles chart and was certified platinum by ifpi sweden
("go & fish!") was given a grammi for best song and an rockbjornen for best swedish song. "ga & fiska!" – 3:56 "juni, juli, augusti" – 3:52 "harplinge" – 3:44
was instructed not to disclose any details of the flight, its mission or its loss. as the mission was classified, these details were not released until fifty years later. in 2001 a private dive team led by gregg mikolasek of in depth consulting found the wreck of the b-29 in the overton arm
lay inside a national recreation area, responsibility for the site fell to the national park service. the bomber itself is listed on the national register of historic places. in july 2007 the national park service started a six-month trial on the b-29 lake mead overton site to private companies to conduct guided technical dive
on 4 december she recaptured the portuguese ship gloria.
lugger amiral gantheaume off the seven islands, which are 16 miles west of behat. amiral gantheume was armed with four guns and had a crew of 28 men. she was two days out of granville and had not taken anything. racehorse then cruised the channel islands. fisher sailed for the cape of good hope on 29 september. there a number of her crew volunteered aboard other ships during the invasion of ile de france. on 13 and 14 march 1809, racehorse was in company with her class-mate, harrier, about 1000 miles from
since then it has been diagnosed in p. sublanceolata, p. caerulea, and in three hybrids called “ blue bouquet ”, passiflora x belotii and “ amethyst star ”.
crosses where one of the parents is passiflora caerulea.) a survey for viruses of passiflora spp. in florida, published in 1991, found no potyviruses infecting commercial plantings of passiflora in florida. this indicates that pwv has been introduced into florida recently, probably by the importation of infected vegetative
at the time, time warner cable experimented with such an offering in a limited trial, called tv essentials.
that consummer demand for the pricing scheme would eventually triumph. at the end of 2015,20.4% of u.s. households had either dropped cable service or never subscribed in the first place. the case for a la carte has centered on cost savings for subscribers. in 2006, kevin martin, then chairman of the federal communications commission (fcc) and one of the best known advocates for the pricing scheme, presented a report to congress arguing that, on average, consumers would save 13%
families may be more reluctant to report issues of abuse because of the potential impact on the service member's career. other studies, however, argue that military families have a smaller problem than civilian families because military culture offers more accessible help for victims of abuse. military families have health care, housing, and family support programs
likely to be ordered (by their commanding officer or base commander) to obtain treatment, thus reducing reoccurrences of abuse. the u.s. defense department reports that there are currently 2 million american children and teenagers who have had at least one parent deployed in a war zone in the current iraq
the germans launched two new operations. at 09:15, the luftwaffe launched unternehmen bodenplatte (operation baseplate), a major campaign against allied airfields in the low countries, which are nowadays called the benelux states. hundreds of planes attacked allied airfields, destroying or severely damaging some
luftwaffe lost 277 planes, 62 to allied fighters and 172 mostly because of an unexpectedly high number of allied flak guns, set up to protect against german v-1 flying bomb / missile attacks and using proximity fused shells, but also by friendly fire from the german flak guns that were uninformed of the
students of the department played an active part in the bengali language movement of 1952 and bangladesh liberation war in 1971. two teachers-dr. jyotirmoy guhathakurata and mr. rashidul hasan-and a number of students, were martyred in the war of liberation in 1971. since 1998 the department has been offering courses for a four-year b.a. honors degree in english. at the m.a. level the students can choose either applied linguistics and elt or english literature. the department also provides supervision for m. phil and phd research
the head of the department is called chairperson.
in the second situation, in order to be admitted as an intervenor, the applicant must show that its ability to protect its interest would be impeded by disposition of the case and that its interest is not adequately represented by the current parties to the case.
24 (b) provides for permissive intervention, which is subject to the discretion of the judge hearing the case. an applicant may be permitted by the court to intervene (1) when a federal statute confers upon the applicant a conditional right to intervene or (2) when the applicant's claim or defense shares a common question of law or fact with the main action
rica project received $ 150 a day along with film and expenses. more than 80,000 photographs were submitted to gifford d. hampshire. a selection were kept to become part of the collection, while copies and the unselected images were returned to the photographers. because the images were part of a federal government project, photographers were required to waive their copyright, placing the
like the photographers of the federal photographic project of the farm security administration during the great depression, some of the documerica photographers interpreted their mission rather broadly, and sometimes artistically. many of the photographs preserve a distinct visual record of time and place.
in measurements made between april and june 2013 (q2), the united states ranked 8th out of 55 countries with an average connection speed of 8.7 mbit / s.
14th out of 49 countries and 5.3 mbit / s for january to march 2011 (q1). the global average for q2 2013 was 3.3 mbit / s, up from 2.1 mbit / s for q1 2011. in q2 2013 south korea ranked first at 13.3 mbit / s, followed by japan at 12.0 mbit / s, and switzerland at 11.0 mb
nyctimenius palawanicus is a species of beetle in the family cerambycidae.
it was described by per olof christopher aurivillius in 1922. it is known from the philippines.
, on november 21, keyes was promoted to the buccaneers' active roster. on september 3,2016 keyes was released by the buccaneers as part of final roster cuts. the next day, he was signed to the buccaneers' practice squad. on september 10,2016, keyes was promoted to the buccaneers'
, 2016. he was re-signed on september 23,2016, after devante bond was placed on injured reserve. he was released again on october 3,2016, and re-signed to the practice squad two days later. he was released on october 11,2016. on october 19,2016, key
the object of a country operating by the mad doctrine is to deny the opposing country this first strike capability. mad played on two seemingly opposed modes of thought: cold logic and emotional fear.
was often known by, "nuclear deterrence," was translated by the french as "dissuasion," and "terrorization" by the soviets. this apparent paradox of nuclear war was summed up by british prime minister winston churchill as "the worse things get, the better they are" — the greater the threat of mutual destruction, the safer the world would be. this philosophy made a number of technological and political demands on
by montgomery, at least in the ears of the american military leadership, was that he had taken the lion's share of credit for the success of the campaign, and had been responsible for rescuing the besieged americans. his comments were interpreted as self-promoting, particularly his claiming that when the situation " began to deter
patton and eisenhower both felt this was a misrepresentation of the relative share of the fighting played by the british and americans in the ardennes (for every british soldier there were thirty to forty americans in the fight), and that it belittled the part played by bradley, patton and other american commanders
the pastors and guest speakers preached meetings and services in each other's churches. larry nevelle became a pastor in mitchell's fellowship, pastoring a church in phoenix, and then took charge of mitchell's fellowship's churches in the philippines. there are a few books and booklets which have been published by the potter's house and outline wayman mitchell's history, his teachings and sermons and various other aspects of his life and profession
the two main authors are ron simpkins and ian wilson both being pastors and at the time members of the potter's house as they authored these books.
these reservists, who are suddenly called to extended active duty, are technically military brats, but they may not identify with or share all of the characteristics of traditional brats (although in certain specific areas, such as war-related issues, they may share a great deal). in an effort to
kids is a program designed to help "suddenly military" children understand the military culture to which they now belong, and our military kids provides monetary grants that support tutoring, sports and other extracurricular activities of national guard and reserve children, whose parents sometimes incur a lapse in income upon being called to
asimov created the fictional galactic empire in the early 1940s based upon the roman empire, as a proposal to john w. campbell, after reading edward gibbon's the history of the decline and fall of the roman empire when he was working at the philadelphia navy yard with robert heinlein.
and novellas in astounding science fiction magazine during the 1940s, culminating in the publication of the foundation stories as a trilogy of books in the early 1950s. as of 827 g.e. (galactic era, the number of years after its founding), the galactic empire comprises millions of inhabited worlds with 500 quadrillion
of to provide all people, a bbc wales drama celebrating 70 years of the national health service. freeman is a supporter of the labour party. as a teenager, he supported britain's now-defunct militant political group and volunteered with the labour party young socialists. in 2015, freeman appeared in a party political broadcast to endorse the labour party ahead of the 2015 uk general election. in august 2015, he was an outspoken supporter of jeremy corbyn's
in a session at the edinburgh international television festival he said: "i happen to think that he is the most impressive one of the four. i do."
traded by the new york rangers, along with kim johnsson, pavel brendl and new york's 2003 3rd round draft choice, to the philadelphia flyers in exchange for eric lindros. december 17,2001-traded by the philadelphia flyers, along with tampa bay's 2002 3rd round draft choice, to the vancouver canucks in exchange for donald brashear and vancouver's 2002 6th round draft choice. november 1,2002-traded by the vancouver canucks, along with harold druken, to the carolina hurricanes in exchange for
august 28,2003-signed as a free agent with the new york rangers.
san esteban is a municipality in the northeast of the honduran department of olancho, west of dulce nombre de culmi, east of gualaco and north of catacamas. costa rican author oscar nunez oliva set his 2000 novel los gallos de san esteban in the
was founded in 1808 by friar jose antonio liendo y goicoechea from guatemala. it was populated by indigenous people at that time. the municipality is bordered to the north by the municipalities of trujillo and iriona, south by the municipality of catacamas, east by the municipality of du
it stretches from the top the agalta valley and crossed by the grande agalta river.
the municipality has the following 22 villages: san esteban agua blanca carnizuelar conquire coronado corral viejo el aguacate el ciruelo el limonal el ocote el quebrachal el tunal la concepcion las manzanas las trojas moreno rio abajo san agustin abajo san martin santa maria santa maria del carbon toro muerto
africa (ghana, nigeria, egypt, libya, morocco); and asia (india, malaysia, singapore).
a dental clinic, a library and a fitness centre, and it has operated a number of clinics in luhansk's various medical institutions. there are 22 clinical and 18 theoretical professorships, and over 400 instructors, including 76 doctors of science; over 87 percent of its instructors hold higher scientific degrees. most programs are taught in either english or russian as the medium of instruction. the university's research focus is on the medical aspects of ecological problems in the heavily industrialized donbass region and on the
served again on the geelong centre as a vice president and at the corio athletic club as president until 1981. following his retirement from the sport of athletics, billingham, through his work as a school teacher at geelong's corio technical school, devoted his time and skills to the annual schools event, the rock eisteddfod. following this period, he retired to his farm
billingham died on friday 28 january 2005, which coincided with the first day of competition of the victorian country athletics championships being held at landy field in geelong, an event with which billingham had close links during the 1960s and 1970s.
abad is a village in bhulath tehsil in kapurthala district of punjab state, india. it is located 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) from bhulath, 27 kilometres (17 mi) away from district headquarter kapurthala. the village is administrated by a sarpanch who is an elected representative. according to the 2011 census of india, metlan khairabad had 211 houses with the total population of 974 persons of which 502 were male and 472
the literacy rate was 76.10%, higher than the state average of 75.84%.
well, but a painting of a toledan well with an arabic girl, painted by valeriano becquer. this well now is below a beautiful plaza, but originally it was below a convent of the el salvador church. this well has a water reservoir that gathers and saves water from the rain, this mechanism used to collect water can be seen in the picture. there is also a regular well that brings water from the earth. this water reservoir provided some water to the francoists during the siege of the alcazar
now, an informative plaque in the army museum of toledo says that an official of the
anacrostic may be the most accurate term used, and hence most common, as it is a portmanteau of anagram and acrostic, referencing the fact that the solution is an anagram of the clues, and the author of the quote is hidden in the clues acrostically.
s magazine. kingsley, wortman, and middleton created additional puzzles for the new york times from 1952–1999, but not more than one every other week. emily cox and henry rathvon took over for the nyt in 1999. a similar puzzle, called a trans-o-gram, by sven
conditions started improving, allowing the allied air forces to attack. they launched devastating bombing raids on the german supply points in their rear, and p-47 thunderbolts started attacking the german troops on the roads. allied air forces also helped the defenders of bastogne, dropping much-needed supplies — medicine, food
of volunteer surgeons flew in by military glider and began operating in a tool room. by 24 december the german advance was effectively stalled short of the meuse. units of the british xxx corps were holding the bridges at dinant, givet, and namur and u.s. units were about to take
pangrapta plumbilineata is a species of moth in the family erebidae. the species is found in taiwan.
the wingspan is 24–28 mm.
000 men; just over 1,400 tanks, tank destroyers, and assault guns; 2,600 1,600 anti-tank guns; and over 1,000 combat aircraft, as well as large numbers of other afvs. these were reinforced a couple of weeks later, bringing the offensive's total strength to around 450,000 troops, and 1,500 tanks and assault guns. between 63,222 and 98,000 of their men were killed, missing, wounded in
for the americans, out of a peak of 610,000 troops, 89,000 became casualties out of which some 19,000 were killed.
mycoleptodonoides sharmae is a species of tooth fungus in the family meruliaceae. it was described as new to science in 2013 by mycologists kanad das, joost stalpers, and j. benjamin stielow. the specific epithet sharmae honours jai ram sharma, "for his contribution to the indian mycobiota".
the type collection was made in shingba rhododendron sanctuary, a nature park in sikkim, india. the fungus was found fruiting on a decaying tree trunk of a unidentified broad-leaved tree.
in march 1937 she was sold again to hughes, bolckow, blyth for breaking up for about £14,500.
finally, on may 25,1937 west hika was towed to blyth where she was broken up.
aysegul aldinc ([[UNK] alˈdintʃ]; born 28 september 1957) is a turkish singer and actress.
painting teacher suheyla aldinc. her paternal family are bosnian and her maternal family are albanian. growing in cihangir, due to the works of her mother, she completed her secondary education at the schools in taksim, kocamustafapasa and ferikoy districts. she finished her high school at the sultanahmet art school. she finished her studies at tatbiki fine arts academy ceramic department (now called marmara university faculty of fine arts
types of access generally use a modem, which converts digital data to analog for transmission over a particular analog network (ex. the telephone or cable networks). dial-up access is a connection to the internet through a phone line, creating a semi-permanent link to the internet. operating on a single channel, it monopolizes the
dial-up is often the only form of internet access available in rural areas because it requires no infrastructure other than the already existing telephone network. dial-up connections typically do not exceed a speed of 56 kbit / s, because they are primarily made via a 56k modem.
university from 1977 to 1985. from 2003 to 2007, louka katseli was the director on the oecd development centre in france. she was a professor of economics in the department of economics of the university of athens, a member of the executive committee of the e.a.d.i. since 2005, a member of the scientific advisory board of german institute for economic research in berlin, germany, a member of the athens development and governance institute and a
prior to her first cabinet appointment, louka katseli had been the spokesperson for economics for the panhellenic socialist movement (pasok).
two days after the bombing of nagasaki, the u.s. government released an official technical history of the manhattan project, authored by princeton physicist henry dewolf smyth, known colloquially as the smyth report.
sanitized summary of the wartime effort focused primarily on the production facilities and scale of investment, written in part to justify the wartime expenditure to the american public. the soviet program, under the suspicious watch of former nkvd chief lavrenty beria (a participant and victor in stalin's great purge of the 1930s), would use the report as a blueprint, seeking to duplicate as much as possible the american effort
the simplest form of nuclear weapon is a gun-type fission weapon, where a sub-critical mass would be shot at another sub-critical mass.
result would be a super-critical mass and an uncontrolled chain reaction that would create the desired explosion. the weapons envisaged in 1942 were the two gun-type weapons, little boy (uranium) and thin man (plutonium), and the fat man plutonium implosion bomb. in early 1943 oppenheimer determined that two projects should proceed forwards: the thin man project (plutonium gun) and the fat man project (plutonium implos
asimov posits that two foundations are instituted to restore the empire to its former glory. through the use of psychohistory, a future science hypothesized by asimov, a scientist on trantor named hari seldon in about 12,000 galactic era predicts the fall of the empire, and institutes the two foundations.
the periphery is a fictional location in isaac asimov's foundation series and refers to the outer rims of the galactic empire, including planets such as anacreon and santanni. imperial control is weakest in the periphery, as planet governors there frequently possess their own fleets.
19.4% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.5% were from 25 to 44; 40.8% were from 45 to 64; and 9.2% were 65 years of age or older.
and 42.9% female. as of the census of 2000, there were 125 people, 47 households, and 28 families residing in the village. the population density was 33.8 people per square mile (13.0 / km²). there were 52 housing units at an average density of 14.0 per square mile (
the treaty permitted underground tests.
technical purposes as well as their potential political overtones. weapons improvements took on two primary forms. one was an increase in efficiency and power, and within only a few years fission bombs were developed that were many times more powerful than the ones created during world war ii. the other was a program of miniaturization, reducing the size of the nuclear weapons. smaller bombs meant that bombers could carry more of them, and also that they could be carried on the new generation of rockets in development in the 1950s and 1960s. u.s. rocket science received a large boost in the postwar years,
vulcana (kate williams aka kate roberts), (1875–1946) born in abergavenny, wales.
) born in london, england. beth phoenix (1980 –) born in elmira, new york in recent years, the term strongwoman has come to refer to the women who compete in events such as the annual world's strongest woman (wsw) competitions, sanctioned by the international federation of strength athletes (ifsa), and televised nationally on espn. strongwomen compete in the sport of strongman and the sport has become some popular with female strength athletes over the past decade that there are
the pair had three sons and a large but unspecified number of daughters.
of men and the great prophet of the guarani people. second of their sons was marangatu, a benevolent and generous leader of his people, and father of kerana, the mother of the seven legendary monsters of guarani myth (see below). their third son was japeusa, who was from birth considered a liar, a thief and a trickster, always doing things backwards to confuse people and take advantage of them. he eventually committed suicide, drowning himself in the water, but he was resurrected as a crab, and since
television: the battle was the subject of the pbs american experience episode, "the battle of the bulge".
the battle was prominently featured in two episodes of the miniseries band of brothers (2001). additionally, the military / american heroes tv series greatest tank battles featured an episode on the battle of the bulge as "the battle of the bulge: s.s. panzers attack!"
isbn 978-0-7524-9001-4 winfield, rif (2008). british warships in the age of sail 1793–1817: design, construction, careers and fates.
seaforth. isbn 1-86176-246-1.
on october 26, khrushchev sent a message to kennedy offering to withdraw all missiles if kennedy committed to a policy of no future invasions of cuba.
of assured destruction eloquently: " you and i should not now pull on the ends of the rope in which you have tied a knot of war, because the harder you and i pull, the tighter the knot will become. and a time may come when this knot is tied so tight that the person who tied it is no longer capable of untying it, and then the knot will have to be cut. what that would mean i need not explain to
because the financial price of laying down fiber constitutes such a large portion of deployment costs, measures sympathetic towards this step of entrance make it easier for more actors to invest.
counties have also issued ordinances or grants that waive or offset certain fees associated with building infrastructure in order to encourage broadband building projects. outside of regulatory and legislative action, states have at their disposal informal policies that offer other incentives for investment, such as collecting and providing local data to streamline deployment action or communication efforts. in 1998 the federal internet tax freedom act halted the expansion of direct taxation of the internet that had begun in several states in the mid-1990s
, but as of 2017 it is thought to be in the low hundreds. china is the only nuclear weapons state to have guaranteed the non-first use of nuclear weapons. after world war ii, the balance of power between the eastern and western blocs and the fear of global destruction prevented the further military use of atomic bombs. this fear was
so important was this balance to international political stability that a treaty, the anti-ballistic missile treaty (or abm treaty), was signed by the u.s. and the ussr in 1972 to curtail the development of defenses against nuclear weapons and the ballistic missiles that carry them.
only from the largest bomber planes — at the time the b-29 superfortress — and each plane could only carry a single bomb in its hold. the first hydrogen bombs were similarly massive and complicated. this ratio of one plane to one bomb was still fairly impressive in comparison with conventional, non-nuclear weapons, but against other nuclear-armed countries it was
in the immediate postwar years, the u.s. expended much effort on making the bombs "g.i.-proof" — capable of being used and deployed by members of the u.s. army, rather than nobel prize – winning scientists.
murray pulled out of the davis cup tie against argentina, because of a knee injury, so argentina thrashed the under-strength british team. jamie murray scathingly criticised andy and they did not speak to each other for a fortnight. their rift continued in the olympic doubles, over a perceived lack of effort from
murray competed in the singles, doubles (partnering his brother jamie) and mixed doubles (partnering laura robson). in the singles, he won the gold medal, including straight-set victories over novak djokovic in the semifinals and roger federer in the final, four weeks after federer had beaten him in on the
balsamorhiza macrophylla (cutleaf balsamroot) is a north american species of plants in the sunflower tribe within the aster family. it is native to the northwestern united states, in idaho, montana, wyoming, utah, and oregon. balsamorhiza macrophylla is an herb up to 100 cm (40 inches) tall.
it has yellow flower heads, usually borne one at a time, with both ray florets and disc florets. the species grows in sagebrush scrublands and conifer forests.
the detroit institute of arts and metropolitan museum of art co-authored a book detailing the works in the exhibit. the school currently confers the following degrees: master of architecture.
national architectural accrediting board master of fine arts. degrees are conferred in the following areas: 2-d design (also known as graphic design) 3-d design (also known as industrial design) ceramics, fiber metalsmithing painting photography print media sculpture notable alumni and faculty of the art academy include harry bertoia, richard devore, charles eames, ray eames, waylande gregory, florence knoll (did not graduate)
progress in the south was also restricted to about a kilometer or a little over half a mile per day. on 2 january, the tiger iis of german heavy tank battalion 506 supported an attack by the 12th ss hitlerjugend division against u.s. positions near wardin and knocked out 15 sherman tanks. the majority of the german force executed a successful fighting withdrawal and escaped the battle area, although the fuel situation had become so dire that most of the german armor had to
on 7 january 1945 hitler agreed to withdraw all forces from the ardennes, including the ss-panzer divisions, thus ending all offensive operations.
first-class share was worth £100; a sixth-class share was worth 18s 1½d. racehorse was among the vessels that shared in the proceeds of a payment in january 1818 of £4000 on account for the capture of renommeee and nereide. a first-class share was worth £98 19s 0d;
a sixth-class share was worth £1 3s 1½d. a first-class share of the bounty money for the slaves was worth £154 9s 9d; a sixth-class share, that of an ordinary seaman, was worth £1 2s 8d.
comics such as "assassin's creed", "talisman", "titeuf", and "seoul district" are sold by the company.
grand prix software venture capital-senate 2008.
you can say that here, nature is perfect.
lead actress marie riviere "is the one who called the shots, not only by what she said, but by the way she'd speak, the way she'd question people, and also by the questions her character evoked from the others." the film was shot chronologically and in 16mm so as to be "as inconspicuous as possible, to have delphine blend into the crowd as a way, ultimately, of accentuating her isolation." rohmer also instructed his cinematographer sophie maintigneux to keep technical aspects of the shoot
he has displayed exceptional daring and skill, which, combined with a splendid dash and initiative, have set a fine example to his squadron. distinguished flying cross (dfc) 2nd lt. (temp. capt.) cecil frederick king, m.c. he is a fine leader who at all times shows great gallantry and skill in manoeuvring;
his energy and keenness have brought his flight to a high standard of efficiency. he frequently descends to low altitudes to obtain good results from bombing, and shooting, and on several occasions he has brought down enemy aeroplanes.
military brats can feel a "sense of euphoria" when they discover that other brats share the same feelings and emotions. according to the study, brats share a bond with one another through common experiences that transcends race, religion, and nationality.
brat organizations is to stay connected or reconnect with their old friends. with all the focus on veterans, the children are left to grow up in sometimes harsh, usually very strict environments with no recognition and no help. with enormous differences between military children and civilian children, one might think that there would be inquiry into the effects, yet few can be found
he immediately told his students to meditate and proclaimed the place holy.
1969 the universal sufi temple was built there. khan returned to india at the end of 1926 and there chose the site of his tomb, the nizamuddin dargah complex in delhi where the founder of the nizami chishtiyya, shaykh nizamuddin auliya (died 1325), is buried. khan died shortly after, on 5 february 1927. inayat khan set forth ten principles that formed the foundational principles of his universal sufism: there is one god; the eternal, the only being; none exists save
the most immediate culmination of this work was the signing of the partial test ban treaty in 1963, in which the u.s. and ussr agreed to no longer test nuclear weapons in the atmosphere, underwater, or in outer space.
, allowing for further weapons development, but the worldwide fallout risks were purposefully reduced, and the era of using massive nuclear tests as a form of saber rattling ended. in december 1979, nato decided to deploy cruise and pershing ii missiles in western europe in response to soviet deployment of intermediate range mobile missiles, and in the early 1980s, a "dangerous soviet-us nuclear confrontation" arose
. asimov's galactic empire, its decline, fall, and rebirth, in particular, is characterized by perelman as a simple repetition of the history of western civilization from the fall of the roman empire to the 20th century, borrowing freely from toynbee, and a validation of postwar american culture of the 1940s
in flight, they shall have stars, a life for the stars, earthman come home, and the triumph of time portray the rise and fall of the galaxy as an inevitable cycle, of which (unlike in other dystopian sf stories of the 1940s and 1950s) the use of machine technology is merely
the men's 400 metres was a track and field athletics event held as part of the athletics at the 1904 summer olympics programme. it was the third time the event was held. 12 athletes from 3 nations participated.
the competition was held on august 29,1904. these were the standing world and olympic records (in seconds) prior to the 1904 summer olympics. (*) 440 yards (= 402.34 m) (* *) this track was 500 metres in circumference. harry hillman set a new olympic record with 49.2 seconds.
. / tech diving limited based in arizona. despite being pleased with the overall preservation of the site by the two commercial use authorization (cua) operations, the nps closed the b-29 site for diving in 2008 for further conservation efforts. in december 2014 nps solicited applications for private dive companies to
diving limited was awarded the commercial use authorization again and diving resumed beginning april 2015. a crashed b-29 at the bottom of lake mead (referred to as "the lady in the lake") in the video game fallout: new vegas appears to be a reference to this crash, although the aircraft in the game
mitchell and holland had no real friction over mitchell's sending out of men, whom mitchell had personally trained, to start churches.
also disciple the male converts in their churches. mitchell envisioned a geometric multiplication of churches that would "reach the world," and this was emphasized as being urgent as jesus was coming back very, very soon. mitchell originally began his ministry under the affiliation of the church of the foursquare gospel and continued this affiliation until 1983. a growing dispute over pastor mitchell's fellowship, which he had built within the foursquare, came to a head over mitchell planting independent churches outside of the southwest district
sculptor marshall fredericks was invited by milles to join the staffs of the academy and schools, teaching there until he enlisted in the armed forces in 1942. in 1987, keith haring served as artist-in-residence. cranbrook art museum is a museum of contemporary art with a permanent collection including works by charles and ray eames, harry bertoia, maija grotell and carl milles, as well as robert motherwell, andy warhol
completed in 1942 under the direction of architect eliel saarinen, the museum is housed in the same building as the cranbrook academy of art.
to advance through the game. these can be obtained by completing tasks given by other characters, regaining the valves from wallace's "mind-o-matic" machine that have been stolen by lady tottington's suitor, victor quartermaine, or by simply finding hidden cards. residents of the game's various districts will give tasks
the game is divided into four districts; the town centre, wallersey the harbour area, grimsley the industrial area and tottington hall. in each district there is at least one "arena", an area which anti-pesto must clear of pests.
to specific places, as can the stresses of having a parent deployed to a war zone and also the psychological aftermath of war in dealing with returning veteran parents. in some cases there is also the loss of a parent in combat, or a drastic change in a parent due to a combat related disability. a military brat may
- military brats may exhibit symptoms of post traumatic stress disorder, avoidant personality disorder, separation anxiety disorder, etc. although neither a clearly negative or positive trait, studies also show that many adult military brats report difficulty settling down in one geographic location and also report a desire to move (relocate) every few
have considered that mechtilde von hackeborn and mechtilde von wippra were two distinct persons, but, as the barons of hackeborn were also lords of wippra, it was customary for members of that family to take their name indifferently from either, or both of these estates.
priest who was just then preparing to say mass. he was reported as a person of "great sanctity," and after baptizing the child, is reported to have made a statement to this effect, judged by some to be prophetic: " what do you fear? this child most certainly will
jack the ripper (anders melander) from the 1974 album "livet ar en fest", performed by the backyard babies.
lla (anders melander) from the 1978 album "barn av var tid" and performed by the ark. en dag pa sjon (ulf dageby) from ulf dageby's solo album with the same name released in 1983, performed by pelle ossler. barn av var tid (ulf dageby) from the album with the same title performed by lennart eriksson, dogge doggelito and the diamond dogs.
but it was not until 1967 that the first non-military installation was declared off-limits to military personnel due to its discriminatory practices. while these directives did not eliminate all racism in the military, they continue to affect the culture in which children of military personnel grow up. when families go overseas, minority students rarely experience overt racism from their expatriate neighbors. this is also true on military
as the diverse and more integrated military base community is isolated from the off-base community, and seen as the primary community, outside communities being secondary, military dependents are less likely to resort to racist notions.
phoenix: phoenix bird is symbol of the goddess, and is the mascot of the chinese nation.
or animals, which evidently show their desire to have many descendants. some stone dog pedal on a drum to show the significance of the supernatural power of stone dog. some stone dogs hold grains in the mouth as the symbol of harvest. some stone dogs have copper necklaces representing lots of fortune. polymorphic stone dog: leizhou peninsula in the past was a multi-ethnic gathering of regional culture. the various tribal totems were carved on the stone dogs. without advanced tools, there were few features of facial expressions, only con
robin boundary conditions are also called impedance boundary conditions, from their application in electromagnetic problems, or convective boundary conditions, from their application in heat transfer problems (hahn, 2012).
and b and a given function g defined on ∂ω. here, u is the unknown solution defined on ω and denotes the normal derivative at the boundary. more generally, a and b are allowed to be (given) functions, rather than constants. in one dimension, if, for example, ω = [0,1], the robin boundary condition becomes the conditions: notice the change of sign in front of the term involving
primarily he represented the chishti order of sufism, having received initiation into the nizamiyya sub-branch of that order from shaykh muhammed abu hashim madani, but was also initiated into the suhrawardiyya, qadiriyya and naqshbandi.
follows a traditional lineage from ali ibn abi talib, through abu ishaq shami (d. 940), the founder of the chishti order, to nasiruddin chiragh dehlavi (d. 1356). with the shaykh's encouragement he left india in
edwards-walpole ultimately defeated reinstein by a solid margin, winning 63% of the vote to his 37%, and advancing to the general election, where she faced republican nominee cara pavalock.
her as "[e] ager, energetic and knowledgable [sic]" who would be an effective legislator "without having to undergo a huge learning curve." she campaigned on reforming the citizens property insurance corporation, providing tax credits to businesses so that they could grow, cutting down on the costs of prisons by "looking at cheaper alternatives for first-time non-violent offenders," and de-emphasizing
conditions inside the perimeter were tough — most of the medical supplies and medical personnel had been captured.
and by 22 december artillery ammunition was restricted to 10 rounds per gun per day. the weather cleared the next day and supplies (primarily ammunition) were dropped over four of the next five days. despite determined german attacks the perimeter held. the german commander, generalleutnant (lt. gen.) heinrich freiherr von luttwitz, requested bastogne's surrender. when brig. gen. anthony mcauliffe, acting commander of the 101st, was told of the nazi demand to surrender, in frustration he
a dendrite is a branching projection of the cytoplasm of a cell.
while the term is most commonly used to refer to the branching projections of neurons, it can also be used to refer to features of other types of cells that, while having a similar appearance, are actually quite distinct structures. non-neuronal cells that have dendrites: dendritic cells, part of the mammalian immune system melanocytes, pigment-producing cells located in the skin merkel cells, receptor-cells in the skin associated with the sense of touch
melisa gil (born 9 august 1984) is an argentine sports shooter.
she competed in the women's skeet event at the 2016 summer olympics.
haibara in the ongoing anime series, detective conan. while at nursing school, she started a temporary job as a dj at a local ice skating rink. after becoming better known as a voice actress, she was given her own radio show, "heartful station". after 17 shows, the broadcasting station cancelled the show and other anime related programming to concentrate on traditional music. however, 6 months later, hayashibara started a new radio show at another broadcaster. hayashibara wrote a series of comics for anime v
the comics, known as "megumi-toons", talked about her personal life and career.
the district number 7 of the canton of pococi, which in turn belongs to the province of limon province in costa rica. it is located in the central caribbean region and borders the districts of jimenez to the east and guapiles to the south, to the west and to the north. its head, the village of san rafael, is located 6 km (12 minutes) to the nw of guapiles and 68.7 km (1 hours 33 minutes) to the ne of san
la colonia has an area of 40 km ², which makes it the smallest district of the canton by surface.
the university publishes several scientific journals and anthologies. by 2012, the university had more than 3,000 students from over 60 countries. graduates are eligible for the united states ecfmg certification and are also eligible for certification in canada and many other countries after passing a medical licensing examination in one of these countries.
in september 2014, and classes resumed in rubizhne, another city in luhansk oblast. founded as voroshilovgrad state medical institute on may 6,1956, pursuant to decree 2522 of ukraine's council of ministers, the institute's first rector was ivan danilovich vashchenko
june 14,2007-signed as a free agent with the tampa bay lightning.
february 26,2008-traded by the tampa bay lightning to the nashville predators in exchange for a 7th round draft choice. august 7,2008-signed as a free agent with linkopings hc.
both artists resided in the neighborhood of parque ecuestre and began their artistic pursuits in their teens.
tio, while tito el bambino recorded with various local dj's gaining an appearance in the famous reggaeton series "the noise vol. 5" which was considered his big break into the music scene. thanks to local dj's such as chiclin and estefano, tito and hector form a friendship which evolved into a duo when hector separated from masters of funk. after appearances on many compilations from local dj's and producers from puerto rico, the duo connect with dj goldy and sign to vi
opted for this line-up believed that federer was virtually unbeatable because he was on a winning streak and hadn’t lost since june, and consequently britain gambled on beating wawrinka twice, with murray playing wawrinka on friday when he was freshest. under the rules for the sunday reverse singles, he would have been able to substitute mackin with greg rusedski, so that rusedski would play wawrink
however great britain lost both of their friday rubbers, giving switzerland a 2–0 lead. in the doubles, murray / rusedski played federer and yves allegro.
"bulge" was the largest and bloodiest single battle fought by the united states in world war ii and the second bloodiest battle in american history. after the breakout from normandy at the end of july 1944 and the allied landings in southern france on 15 august 1944, the allies advanced toward germany more quickly than anticipated. the allies were faced with several military logistics issues: troops were fatigued by weeks of continuous combat supply lines were stretched extremely thin
general dwight d. eisenhower (the supreme allied commander on the western front) and his staff chose to hold the ardennes region which was occupied by the u.s. first army.
her musical talents and was called the “ nightingale of helfta ”. gifted with a beautiful voice, mechtilde also possessed a special talent for rendering the solemn and sacred music over which she presided as domina cantrix. all her life she held this office and trained the choir with indefatigable
, divine praise was the keynote of her life as it is of her book; in this she never tired, despite her continual and severe physical sufferings, so that in his revelations christ was wont to call her his "nightingale". souls thirsting for consolation or groping for light sought her advice;
by mechtilde states that jesus having appeared to her, commanded her to love him ardently, and to honor his sacred heart in the blessed sacrament as much as possible. he gave her his sacred heart as a pledge of his love, as a place of refuge during her life and as her consolation at the hour
from this time mechtilde had an extraordinary devotion to the sacred heart, and she received such great graces from it that she was accustomed to say that if she had to write down all the favors and all the blessings which she had received by means of this devotion, a large book would not contain them.
appears, west hika was used only on one trip eastbound, bringing in very modest revenue of $ 22,540.42. on august 15,1922 west hika was towed from boston harbor and sent to norfolk. she arrived in hampton roads on august 18 to be laid up. she was reactivated in 1925 and allocated to waterman steamship corporation of mobile, operating on gulf to europe routes. in 1925 she was operating between gulf ports of mobile, biloxi, tampa, pensacola and london. in 1926 the service was expanded to include ports in the netherlands and
west hika was involved in several accidents and dangerous encounters.
the "base" can remain recognizable because the rituals are often uniform. the underlying principle of these rituals is consistent: to promote patriotism. it has been claimed by samuel britten on the basis of anecdotal evidence that life on military bases is associated with comparatively greater patriotic sentiments. for example, honoring the american
on a military installation, the bugle call "to the color" is played while the flag is lowered. while no longer universal, formerly anybody outside, even if participating in sports or driving a car, was expected to stop their activity and stand at attention. uniformed personnel salute and non-uniformed people place their
"marriage squeeze." this is when one group, of marriage eligible men, choose brides from a group of women that is fewer in numbers than the males. when the next group of eligibility enters the group there will be leftover men from the prior group added to current, group. if the woman sex ratio of eligible marriage age is significantly smaller than the men, there will be a resulting decline in fertility.
these men will not only be in surplus within their cohort (age group), but they will also face competition from a backlog of older, unmarried men, who will still be in the marriage market.
a statement from dann released to reporters gave no details on what led to jennings being included in the investigation.
over the weekend related to the ongoing investigation into charges of sexual harassment. " dann agreed to conditionally release emails between himself and his former scheduler, jessica utovich. utovich, 28, began as dann's scheduler, but was transferred to the position of director of travel in late 2007. upon being transferred, utovich received a 27% pay raise. on may 2,2008, following the firing and resignation of a number of his aides in a sexual harassment scandal, dann admitted
wierson is said to have declined the invitation due to "ongoing engagements in angola."
important people in new york media ". under wierson, nyc tv expanded from a local cable operation to a broad array of broadcast, cable, production, online video and syndication entities, organized under the name of nyc media. at his time at nyc tv, wierson led the network to 42 ny emmy awards and over 100 national telly cable awards. in addition to secrets of new york, wierson played a role in the creation of many of the network's original series' productions including $ 9.99, eat out ny
the pastor of many churches in the united states, and also in perth, western australia where he was senior pastor for 3 years. mitchell was born on october 9,1929 in the town of mitchell in the us state of arkansas. his father decided to move the family to prescott, arizona in 1933, in search of work during the great depression. there were five children, wayman being the
arizona is where he and his wife nelda currently reside. mitchell was stationed on the island of guam between 1948–1952 for the u.s. military during the korean war. while there he was head supervisor of the maintenance shop.
eisenhower and his principal commanders realized by 17 december that the fighting in the ardennes was a major offensive and not a local counterattack, and they ordered vast reinforcements to the area. within a week 250,000 troops had been sent.
task of facing the ss panzer divisions; it was also thrown into the battle north of the bulge, near elsenborn ridge. by the time the senior allied commanders met in a bunker in verdun on 19 december, the town of bastogne and its network of 11 hard-topped roads leading through the widely forested mountainous terrain with deep river valleys and boggy mud of the ardennes
lucas and calvocoressi "expected heads to roll at eisenhower's hq, but they did no more than wobble". after the war ended, the u.s. army issued battle credit in the form of the ardennes-alsace campaign citation to units and individuals that took part in operations in northwest
, as well as units further south in the alsace sector, including those in the northern alsace who filled in the vacuum created by the u.s. third army racing north, engaged in the concurrent operation nordwind diversion in central and southern alsace launched to weaken allied response in the ardennes, and provided reinforcements to
238, on the other hand, is not fissile as it does not normally undergo fission when it absorbs a neutron. by the time nazi germany invaded poland in 1939, beginning world war ii, many of europe's top scientists had already fled the imminent conflict. physicists on both sides were well aware of the possibility of utilizing nuclear fission as a weapon, but no one was quite sure how it could be done
in august 1939, concerned that germany might have its own project to develop fission-based weapons, albert einstein signed a letter to u.s. president franklin d. roosevelt warning him of the threat.
as water street arena, is an indoor arena located at 229 water street east in cornwall, ontario. it was built in 1936 and hosted the cornwall royals between 1969 and 1976, during part of their time in the quebec major junior hockey league, before they moved into the cornwall civic complex. the arena was renamed in honour of si miller, the city of cornwall's director of parks and recreation from 1963 until his retirement on december 31,1994. the arena features a 185 'x 85' ice surface and a seating capacity
there are also many lacrosse, and minor league games that take place there including those of the cornwall bulldogs.
night, where wallace is replaced by hutch, who was originally a captive rabbit but swapped roles with wallace after an accident with wallace's invention, the mind-o-matic. wallace, gromit, and hutch each carry a primary pest catching device, the bungun. the bungun is used to suck
once in the drain, the pests are transported through the sewage system into wallace and gromit's basement, where they are kept captive. at nightfall, gromit and hutch can use the bungun as a weapon to destroy were-creatures with a swing of the gun.
inayat khan rehmat khan pathan (urdu: عنایت خان; 5 july 1882–5 february 1927) was the founder of the sufi order in the west in 1914 (london) and teacher of universal sufism.
he initially came to the west as a northern indian classical musician, having received the honorific "tansen" from the nizam of hyderabad, but he soon turned to the introduction and transmission of sufi thought and practice. later, in 1923, the sufi order of the london period was dissolved into a new organization, formed under swiss law, called the "international sufi movement"
2015, the united states federal communications commission (fcc) defined broadband as any connection with a download speed of at least 25 mbit / s and an upload speed of at least 3 mbit / s, though the definition has used a slower speed in the past. the percentage of the u.s. population using the internet grew steadily through 2007, and declined slightly in 2008 and 2009. growth resumed in 2010, and reached its highest level so far (81.0%) in 2012, the latest year for which data is
81.0% is slightly above the 2012 figure of 73% for all developed countries.
(2010–2015) ms. susie gibbons (2015 – present) the archdiocese is served by the catholic telegraph, the diocesan newspaper, which is described on its website as the united states' oldest continuously published catholic diocesan newspaper.
und, was the first german catholic newspaper in the country. the national magazine st. anthony messenger is published in cincinnati by the franciscan friars with the archdiocese's ecclesiastical approval. several area catholic radio stations, owned by separate entities, serve the archdiocese: wnop 740 am licensed to newport, kentucky. "sacred heart radio" plus a sister station whss 89.5 fm in hamilton,
one document says he died in 1642 where another document says he died in 1643. a recantation of an ill led life is a metrical autobiography and a poem in which clavell apologizes about all his misdealings.
a highway man and sends a warning to travelers. in this piece, clavell also writes to everyone who helped him reach a pardon from his death sentence. the first edition was entered into the stationers' register on 22 september 1627, and was first published in 1628. the second edition was also published in 1628, but is slightly different because of the aforementioned address to his mother
the attack on monschau, hofen, krinkelt-rocherath, and then elsenborn ridge was led by the units personally selected by adolf hitler.
6th panzer army was given priority for supply and equipment and was assigned the shortest route to the ultimate objective of the offensive, antwerp. the 6th panzer army included the elite of the waffen-ss, including four panzer divisions and five infantry divisions in three corps. ss-obersturmbannfuhrer joachim peiper led kampfgruppe peiper, consisting of 4,800 men and 600 vehicles, which was charged with leading the main effort
inayat khan » 16 melodies for piano (1915).
performed by philip sear on youtube « hindustani songs by prof. inayat khan » (scores pdf)
the turning point came during the trial of strafford in 1641, when col. lord goring had revealed to newport an amateurish plot of royalist officers at portsmouth to take london by surprise, seize the tower and somehow rescue the king.
who passed on the information to john pym, who brought it forward at the most dramatic and opportune moment, sealing strafford's fate in the bill of attainder. when the civil war broke out, however, newport served in the royalist army, and took part in the second battle of newbury in 1644. in january 1646 he was taken prisoner and confined in london
from high school and spent an average of seven years in foreign countries. over 80% now speak at least one language other than english, and 14% speak three or more. ann cottrell's work with third culture kids, however, shows slightly lower results, but her results did not specify career brats. sociologist henry watanabe showed that military and civilian teenagers share the same concerns and desires, but that growing up in a mobile community offers opportunities and experiences generally unavailable to geographically stable
a sociological study of overseas american military communities in cold war germany also showed some transformational effects on those communities due to foreign exposure.
leizhou stone dog is a heritage product blending the ancestors' tradition of totem worship integrated with different ethnic cultures.
times leizhou peninsula was a stink, dense, wild land with a small population. it was not easy to have children while living in such harsh condition. the original inhabitants therefore worshiped dogs which could easily give birth to their descendants. stone dogs in the leizhou peninsula are also called the leizhou stone dogs. it is a kind of sculptures with a long history. numerous stone dogs are widely distributed at village entrances, roads, and gates. stone dogs are a unique local cultural heritage, with many meanings and
uplift the soul; music should inspire. there is no better way of getting closer to god, of rising higher towards the spirit, of attaining spiritual perfection than music, if only it is rightly understood. " – quote from the music of life below are some recordings of inayat khan's performances during his
is important to note that although he is the founder of western sufism and a musician, the music in these recordings is not associated with sufi music – the religious music associated with sufism. song "yaman kalyan khyal" by inayat khan recorded in calcutta 1909 « hindustani songs by
species in this section have sessile leaves that are often minute, bract-like, and rarely form rosettes.
scapes are very short or mostly absent.
as well as international star catherine fulop, among others. mesaglio, bordonaba and another former "tiny angels" star, felipe colombo, were featured in the 2004 telenovela, "floricienta". the soap opera was run until 2005. in 2007 he was working in television in romeo
a videla (with felipe colombo) and 2010–2011 in web serie yo soy virgen mesaglio announced during 2016 that he had vision problems and needed a cornea transplant. he lost sight on his left eye when, after a home accident in which he got hit on his forehead, an alcohol bottle tipped
shelters and urging civilians about the survivability of nuclear war, did little to ease public concerns. the climax of brinksmanship came in early 1962, when an american u-2 spy plane photographed a series of launch sites for medium-range ballistic missiles being constructed on the island of cuba, just off the
u.s. administration of john f. kennedy concluded that the soviet union, then led by nikita khrushchev, was planning to station soviet nuclear missiles on the island (as a response to placing us jupiter mrbms in italy and turkey), which was under the control of communist fidel castro
assessing his own situation, he determined that his kampfgruppe did not have sufficient fuel to cross the bridge west of stoumont and continue his advance. he maintained his lines west of stoumont for a while, until the evening of 19 december when he withdrew them to the village edge. on the same evening the u.s. 82nd airborne division under maj. gen. james gavin arrived and deployed at la gleize and along peiper's planned
german efforts to reinforce peiper were unsuccessful. kampfgruppe hansen was still struggling against bad road conditions and stiff american resistance on the southern route.
no. xviii.
and pseudoscorpiones. transactions of the linnean society of london, zoology, series 2,14:379–395. hirst, [a.] stanley, 1912. "descriptions of new harvest-men of the family phalangodidae". the annals and magazine of natural history, including zoology, botany, and geology, london, 8th series, 10 (55): 63–84, plate i. hirst, a. stanley, 1913. " the percy sladen trust expedition to the indian ocean in 1905 under the leadership of mr. j.
the term "third culture kids" because tcks integrate aspects of their birth culture (the first culture) and the new culture (the second culture), creating a unique "third culture". globally, offspring of military households comprise about 30% of all tcks, but they are almost exclusively from the united states
in such environments has been conducted since the 1980s. responding to social and psychological issues recorded in military families and communities, the u.s. armed forces sponsored research on the long-term impact of growing up as a military dependent. outside of the u.s. there is no significant literature on the effects of
with the abundant material he had at his disposal, he initially described new spiders, harvestmen, scorpions and millipedes, but soon worked mainly on mites and ticks. he also did some work on the spiders of australia, the islands of the indian ocean, india and africa.
forced him to leave the museum and go to australia and a drier climate, where he continued his acari studies at the university of adelaide. in april 1930, taking advantage of an improvement in his health, he set off to return to england, but died at sea before arriving in colombo. hirst, a. stanley,
s of the crown, including its relations with foreign states ". furthermore, the attorney-general may intervene with leave of the court where" the suit raises any question of public policy on which the executive may have a view which it may desire to bring to the notice of the court ". in the united states federal courts
a potential party (called the applicant) has the right to intervene in a case either (1) when a federal statute explicitly confers upon the applicant an unconditional right to intervene or (2) when the applicant claims an interest relating to the property or transaction which is the subject of the lawsuit.
her collection, the curious room: plays, film scripts and an opera, contains carter's script for the adaptation. the script and the film
alan harris has adapted the magic toyshop into a stage play. it had its world premiere in cardiff, directed by sita calvert-ennals, in may 2014.
on july 19,1850, pope pius ix elevated the diocese to an archdiocese and on march 3,1868, he took territory to erect the diocese of columbus.
and later coadjutor archbishop and archbishop of miami nicholas thomas elko (1970-1985) daniel edward pilarczyk (1974–1982) appointed archbishop of cincinnati james henry garland (1984–1992) appointed bishop of marquette carl kevin moeddel (1993–2007) joseph r. binzer (2011 – present) the following men began their service as priests in cincinnati before being appointed bishops elsewhere (years in parentheses refer to their years in cincinnati)
seasons in europe, hlavac returned to the nhl for the 2007–08 nhl season as a member of the tampa bay lightning, scoring 22 points in 62 games before being traded to the nashville predators. hlavac had decent success with nashville, scoring 3 goals and 10 assists for 13 points in just 18 games
one-year contract with linkopings hc of swedish elitserien. july 14,1998-traded by the new york islanders to the calgary flames in exchange for jorgen jonsson. june 26,1999-traded by the calgary flames along with calgary's 1999 1st round and 3rd round draft choice
the vocabulary, stock phrases and rhythms are reminiscent of the old ballads, and the culture described is not unlike that of the border reivers: the first line of the actual story, for example, is "kamal is out with twenty men to raise the border-side" to mean that a raid is in progress to cause trouble in the border (
the second line contains' lifted ', a scots term for' stolen ', and the fourth' calkin ' (a technical term of horseshoes, here used to describe a trick of horse-mounted brigands, reversing the horseshoes to leave misleading tracks);
the information was kept but not acted upon, as the soviet union was still too busy fighting the war in europe to devote resources to this new project. in the years immediately after world war ii, the issue of who should control atomic weapons became a major international point of contention.
scientists who had built the bomb began to call for "international control of atomic energy," often calling for either control by transnational organizations or the purposeful distribution of weapons information to all superpowers, but due to a deep distrust of the intentions of the soviet union, both in postwar europe and in general, the policy-makers of the united
skating championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the international skating union in which figure skaters compete for the title of european champion. skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. the 1981 competitions took place from february 3 to 8,1981 in innsbruck,
germany radovan lipovscak yugoslavia giovanni de mori italy leena vainio finland substitute judge: jurg wilhelm switzerland judges were: monique petis france jurg wilhelm switzerland pamela davis united kingdom gunter teichmann east germany eva von gamm west germany wladyslaw kolodziej poland
every american should have affordable access to robust broadband service, and the means and skills to subscribe if they so choose. every american community should have affordable access to at least one gigabit per second broadband service to anchor institutions such as schools, hospitals, and government buildings.
to ensure the safety of the american people, every first responder should have access to a nationwide, wireless, interoperable broadband public safety network. to ensure that america leads in the clean energy economy, every american should be able to use broadband to track and manage their real-time energy consumption.
area of amaravati, the state capital of the indian state of andhra pradesh. it was an out growth of mangalagiri municipality in guntur district, prior to its merger in the urban area of the state capital. nowlur is located at 16.4443°n 80.5383°e. as of 2011 census, nowlur had a population of 24,861. the total population constitute, 12,431 males and 12,430
2,598 children are in the age group of 0–6 years, of which 1,321 are boys and 1,277 are girls.
it is termed a suspension and when a gas is dispersed throughout a liquid, the result is a lyosol. each class may or may not be homogenized, depending on the amount of input energy. to achieve a standard mix, the technique a target characteristic is identified, such that once the mixed product has acquired that characteristic, it will not change significantly thereafter, no matter how long the product
for emulsions, it is the equilibrium droplet size. the amount of mixing required to achieve equilibrium mixing is measured in tank turnover – the number of times the volume of material must pass through the high-shear zone.
1892 – former governor general lord stanley pledges to donate a silver challenge cup, later named after him, as an award for the best hockey team in canada the stanley cup. 1902 – macario sakay issues presidential order no. 1 of his tagalog republic.
of thessaloniki. 1915 – world war i: during the battle of gallipoli, three battleships are sunk during a failed british and french naval attack on the dardanelles. 1921 – the second peace of riga is signed between poland and the soviet union. 1922 – in india, mohandas gandhi is sentenced to six years in prison for civil diso
since the department of defense does not track or monitor former brats, any study on adult brats is based upon self-identification. thus, even though the studies are performed using scientific sampling methods, they may contain bias because of the difficulty in conducting epidemiological studies across broad-based population samples.
, the internet, and newspaper articles to identify military brats. in 1991, mary edwards wertsch "launched the movement for military brat cultural identity" with her book military brats: legacies of childhood inside the fortress. in researching her book, wertsch identified common themes from interviews of over 80 offspring
murray was suffering a vulnerable back and intended to have surgery after the us open. murray revealed that the fear of being branded "unpatriotic" led him to delay the surgery until after the davis cup tie in croatia in september, which jeopardised his place in the next australian open.
, murray won both his singles matches and the doubles with colin fleming, great britain eventually winning 4–1, for their first victory on clay since ukraine in 2006, and returning to the world group for the first time since 2008. at the world group first round tie against the united states in san diego, murray defeated donald young
on 22 march 1918, he was awarded the military cross. he also scored three more times in march. he won the croix de guerre in july 1918 for on 3 august 1918, king added a distinguished flying cross to his medals.
19 victories, including eight straight in camel no. d1864. he then switched to sopwith snipe no. e8031 for his final three victories. a summary of king's triumphs shows he singlehandedly destroyed eight enemy aircraft (including one burned), shared two other destructions with other pilots, drove down seven enemy by himself, and cooperated with other
the bayer designation for a double star in the equatorial constellation of aquila. the brighter component has an apparent visual magnitude of + 5.11, which means it is faintly visible to the naked eye in dark suburban skies. the annual parallax shift of this star is 52.11 mas, which is equivalent to a physical distance of 62.6 light-years (
the primary component, omicron aquilae a, is an f-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of f8 v. it has about 125% of the mass of the sun and 152% of the sun's radius.
november 17,2006 was a special draft for mls expansion team toronto fc. toronto fc selected 10 players from a pool of players from current mls clubs. only one player could be selected from each team. two of the league's 12 teams did not have a player selected. teams were allowed to protect 11 players from
were automatically protected, though players who had graduated from the program to the senior roster at the end of the 2006 season were not. each team could only leave one senior international player unprotected. following the draft, rsl traded a partial allocation (est. at us $ 125,000) to toronto
t.o. p wrote
during his first world tour, g-dragon performed a hybrid remix version of "crayon" with big bang's single fantastic baby.
she was an active club member and participated in the badminton, biology, broadcasting, drama and english clubs. she played the role of alice in an english language production of alice in wonderland. despite qualifying as a nurse, she has never been employed in a nursing position. on march 30,1998, she married. on january 10,2004, she announced on her radio show that she was pregnant with her first child. on june 28 of the same year,
on the same day as submitting the application for nursing school, she went to a book store and found an advert offering free anime voice acting auditions at arts vision.
basketball in the 2006 central american and caribbean games took place in the coliseo cubierto base naval in cartagena, colombia from the july 16 to july 22 for women and july 24 to july 30 for men.
each competition had 6 teams.
by the evening the spearhead had pushed north to engage the u.s. 99th infantry division and kampfgruppe peiper arrived in front of stavelot.
behind his timetable because of the stiff american resistance and because when the americans fell back, their engineers blew up bridges and emptied fuel dumps. peiper's unit was delayed and his vehicles denied critically needed fuel. they took 36 hours to advance from the eifel region to stavelot, while the same advance required nine hours in 1940. kampfgruppe peiper attacked stavelot on 18 december but was unable to capture the town
"for planning purposes." the plan was to pull 13 infantry divisions, two parachute divisions and six panzer-type divisions from the oberkommando der wehrmacht combined german military strategic reserve. on the eastern front, the soviets' operation bagration during the summer had destroyed much of germany's army group center (heeresgruppe mitte). the extremely swift operation ended only when the advancing soviet red army forces outran their supplies. by november,
meanwhile, the allied air offensive of early 1944 had effectively grounded the luftwaffe, leaving the german army with little battlefield intelligence and no way to interdict allied supplies.
even before it was published, news of meitner’s and frisch’s interpretation crossed the atlantic. scientists at columbia university decided to replicate the experiment and on january 25,1939, conducted the first nuclear fission experiment in the united states in the basement of pupin hall.
- 235. uranium appears in nature primarily in two isotopes: uranium-238 and uranium-235. when the nucleus of uranium-235 absorbs a neutron, it undergoes nuclear fission, releasing energy and, on average, 2.5 neutrons. because uranium-235 releases more neutrons than it absorbs, it can support a chain
cronin, paul (2005). roman polanski: interviews. univ. press of mississippi. isbn 978-1-57806-799-2.
wexman, virginia wright (1987). roman polanski. columbus. isbn 978-0-86287-355-4.
come up with a unique interior design for the campus completely on his own. instead of the several buildings that housed the cranbrook school for boys, the kingswood school cranbrook was contained within one building which included all necessary features. it housed dormitories, a dining hall, auditorium, classrooms, bowling alley,
the education at kingswood school cranbrook was primarily viewed initially as a "finishing school" although that would change over time. in 1986, the cranbrook school for boys and kingswood school cranbrook entered a joint agreement renaming the new institution the cranbrook kingswood upper school.
mitchell denounced foursquare as a religious institution that was "dead," and reasserted his control over the churches that had been planted through his discipleship program. as mentioned above, this quickly led to the break from foursquare.
, while still a part of foursquare, two brothers, mike and larry nevelle, came into contact with wayman mitchell's fellowship. they were impressed with mitchell's discipleship approach to training and sending out men to pioneer churches. these men left the assemblies of god, and mike nevelle formed his own organization, praise chapel, which he modeled after
skorzeny and his men were fully aware of their likely fate, and most wore their german uniforms underneath their american ones in case of capture.
skorzeny was tried by an american military tribunal in 1947 at the dachau trials for allegedly violating the laws of war stemming from his leadership of operation greif, but was acquitted. he later moved to spain and south america. operation wahrung was carried out by a small number of german agents who infiltrated allied lines in american uniforms. these agents were tasked with using an existing nazi intelligence network to bribe rail and port workers to disrupt allied supply operations.
knowledge of our being, within and without, which is the essence of wisdom. there is one path; annihilation of the false ego in the real (later alternative; "the effacement of the limited self in the unlimited"), which raises the mortal to immortality, in which resides all perfection
yat khan's emphasis on spiritual liberty led many contemporary westerners to think that his brand of sufism is not inherently intertwined with islam, although his followers continue to perform dhikr. there is a precedent of masters of the chishti and some other orders not requiring non-muslim followers to convert
the separation by rank has the intended purpose of maintaining military discipline among service members. according to the u.s. uniform code of military justice, it can be illegal for an officer to fraternize with an enlisted person because it would erode the military hierarchy.
this is often conveyed to the children of military personnel. two brats whose parents have a subordinate-supervisory relationship can cause problems for both their parents. to a lesser degree, military classism also includes the branch of service to which the military parent belongs. if asked to name "the best branch of service," military brats will almost invariably name the one
for two years with the belgian fc kv mechelen, where they managed the first year to reach the highest total of points in the history of the club. 2012 marc brys went to saudi arabia, to coach the club al-faisaly fc (harmah). he reached the semi finals of the prince cup and became group winner of the gulf cup. half of the second season in al faisaly, marc br
on the same season he took over the club al-raed for the last four games of the competition. he managed to keep them in the first league with two wins and two draws.
, including batik, clothing, souvenirs, fast food, traditional snacks (jajanan pasar), basic ingredients, household items, jamu (traditional herbal medicine), and antiques. the beringharjo area was originally a banyan forest. not long after the establishment of the kraton in 1758, the area began to
on 24 march 1925, the keraton tasked the nederlandsch indisch beton maatschappij (dutch east indies concrete company) with building market stalls, and by the end of august 1925, eleven had been installed, with and others soon following.
the time of his 2012 us open victory. in addition, murray has appeared in 21 masters 1000 series finals, winning 14. he qualified for the atp world tour finals every year from 2008 to 2016, with his best result coming in the 2016 event in which he went undefeated in round-robin play and then defeated milos raonic in the semi-finals. en route to the final, he played the two longest 3-set matches in the event's
in the final he defeated novak djokovic in straight sets to clinch his first world tour finals crown, as well as the coveted year-end no. 1 ranking.
these books ran out of their in house publications and cannot be obtained except via second hand copies held by members or former members of the church.
history of the fellowship, and the men who were sent out to pioneer churches. the latest book is still taking the land https: / / www. amazon. co. uk / still-taking-land-wayman-mitchell / dp / 0981763499 / ref = sr _ 1 _ 1/275-5783655-2010654? ie = utf8 & qid = 1375745796 & sr = 8 -
a railroad in the r.j. corman railroad group, operating a number of lines in central pennsylvania. it primarily carries coal between mines and norfolk southern railway connections at cresson and keating. the trackage was acquired from conrail in 1996, when the latter company sold its "clearfield cluster";
corman owned line, at over 300 miles in length. rjcp trackage includes lines formerly owned by the pennsylvania railroad (from the cambria and clearfield railway), new york central railroad (through its beech creek railroad and beech creek extension railroad subsidiaries), and the jointly-controlled cherry tree and
the museum closed in 2009 for a two-year renovation and expansion with the addition of a collections and research wing.
arinen house which has undergone painstaking restoration beginning with part of the house in 1977. the remaining areas of the house were completed between 1988 and 1994. the museum is accredited by the american alliance of museums. sculptor carl milles' numerous works in metro detroit include those at cranbrook educational community such as mermaids & tritons fountain (1930), sven hedin on a camel (1932), jonah and the whale fountain {1932}, orpheus fountain (1936), and the spirit
the news of the test's success was rushed to truman at the potsdam conference, where churchill was briefed and soviet premier joseph stalin was informed of the new weapon.
and utter destruction ", although nuclear weapons were not mentioned. after hearing arguments from scientists and military officers over the possible use of nuclear weapons against japan (though some recommended using them as demonstrations in unpopulated areas, most recommended using them against built up targets, a euphemistic term for populated cities), truman ordered the use of the weapons on japanese cities, hoping it would send a strong message that would end in the capitulation of the
junior journalist of the year (shared with two others), sharman group, 1978; mind mental health charity, 1999;
global excellence, news corp (parent company of the sun), finalist, 2004; global excellence, news corp, winner, 2005.
sobota [sɔˈbɔta] (german: zobten) is a village in the administrative district of gmina lwowek slaski, within lwowek slaski county, lower silesian voivodeship, in south-western poland. prior to 1945 it was in germany.
it lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of lwowek slaski and 97 km (60 mi) west of the regional capital wrocław.
motown and jazz music, presenting an episode of bbc two's "the culture show" in 2009 entitled "martin freeman goes to motown". he has also selected music in the past for a motown compilation entitled "made to measure" and has recently worked on a jazz compilation with friend eddie piller entitled "jazz on the corner", which was released on acid jazz records on 23 march 2018, featuring tracks by musicians such as kamasi washington and the brand new heavies
in may 2018 it was announced that a follow up album to "jazz on the corner" entitled "soul on the corner" is in production.
west hika was the last ship of los angeles pacific navigation company to sail to the orient on february 21,1921, with the cargo of cotton for japan, livestock for hawaii, and general merchandise for china.
nuation of los angeles-orient routes, the ships of los angeles pacific navigation company were turned over to the north atlantic and western steamship company of new york to operate on east coast-west coast routes. west hika was the last one transferred due to her arrival from the orient on june 6. at the hearing on august 17,1922 before the ussb the president of the north atlantic and western steamship company disclosed
jack sound is a treacherous body of water about 800 metres (2,600 ft) wide between the island of skomer and the pembrokeshire mainland that contains numerous reefs and a tidal race of up to 6 knots. it is used by boats to avoid a three-mile detour around the island, and has its share of sunken shipwrecks. the most popular wreck for divers is the lucy, which sank in good condition in 1967 after being abandoned by its crew owing to its cargo of calcium carbide.
the sound is part of the skomer marine conservation zone.
ehmen wacht am rhein ("operation watch on the rhine"), after the german patriotic hymn die wacht am rhein, a name that deceptively implied the germans would be adopting a defensive posture along the western front. the germans also referred to it as "ardennenoffensive" (arden
the french (and belgian) name for the operation is bataille des ardennes (battle of the ardennes). the battle was militarily defined by the allies as the ardennes counteroffensive, which included the german drive and the american effort to contain and later defeat it.
he also played for the pensacola ice pilots and grand rapids griffins before making his nhl debut in 1999–2000 for the washington capitals. for the next three seasons, he alternated between the capitals and the ahl's portland pirates, and also played two games for tampa bay in 2001–02.
crossed the atlantic to play in helsinki with jokerit for the 2003–04 season. in a brilliant first season, he scored the most points on the team, 50, with 15 goals and 35 assists, the fifth-highest total during the regular season. he scored six goals during seven playoff games that year, but jokerit
on december 1,2016, as per policy implemented by the crtc on march 19,2015, all television providers in canada were required to offer an a la carte scheme. channels were typically priced between $ 4 and $ 7, making bundled packages the better deal for all but the most frugal subscribers.
. while the crtc required a basic offering of local television services and mandated channels costing $ 25 or less, it did not regulate the pricing of individual stations. in the united states, the precedent for distributors bundling channels, rather than offering them a la carte, began shortly after passage of the cable television
framework for the transition of the internet from a largely government sponsored network to the commercial internet that followed. universal service is a program dating back to early in the 20th century with a goal to encourage / require the interconnection of telephone networks operated by different providers. over time this grew into the more general goal of providing telephone service to everyone in the united states at a reasonable price. when congress passed the telecommunications act of 1996 it provided for the creation of a universal service fund to
the universal service fund (usf) was established in 1997 by the federal communications commission (fcc) to implement the goals of the telecommunications act.
robin boundary conditions are commonly used in solving sturm – liouville problems which appear in many contexts in science and engineering. in addition, the robin boundary condition is a general form of the insulating boundary condition for convection – diffusion equations.
here, the convective and diffusive fluxes at the boundary sum to zero: where d is the diffusive constant, u is the convective velocity at the boundary and c is the concentration. the second term is a result of fick's law of diffusion.
a municipality and the district headquarter of baitadi district in province no. 7 of nepal. it is a hill station above mahakali river close to the indian border. at the time of the 2011 nepal census it had a population of 34,575 people living in 7,257 individual households. to promote local culture dasharathchanda has two fm radio station saugat
- 103.6 mhz, rado sunsher 106.6 and radio nwedeu which is a community radio station. mahakali highway links dasharathchand to dhangadhi in the south and api municipality in the north.
the allies pressed their advantage following the battle.
february 1945, the lines were roughly where they had been in december 1944. in early february, the allies launched an attack all along the western front: in the north under montgomery toward aachen; in the center, under courtney hodges; and in the south, under patton. the german losses in the battle were especially critical: their last reserves were now gone, the luftwaffe had been shattered, and remaining forces throughout the west were being pushed back to defend the siegfried line. in response to the early success of the offensive, on 6 january churchill contacted stalin to request that the soviets put pressure
where i had instructed simpson to meet me. i found the northern flank of the bulge was very disorganized. ninth army had two corps and three divisions; first army had three corps and fifteen divisions. neither army commander had seen bradley or any senior member of his staff since the battle began, and they had
was to see the battle on the northern flank as one whole, to ensure the vital areas were held securely, and to create reserves for counter-attack. i embarked on these measures: i put british troops under command of the ninth army to fight alongside american soldiers, and made that army take over some of the
he appeared
several films, including ali g indahouse (2002) and love actually (2003). he began to move into more serious dramatic roles on television with his appearance as lord shaftesbury in the 2003 bbc historical drama charles ii: the power and the passion. he can also be seen making a brief appearance in the first episode of the second series of this life. freeman also starred in the bbc television series the robinsons and had a cameo in episode 1 of black books. in 2007, he appeared in the all together written and directed by gavin claxton, as well as the bill kenwright theatre production
increase access to telecommunications and advanced services in schools, libraries and rural health care facilities;
charge, if any, and the method used to collect the fee from consumers is determined by the companies and is not mandated by the fcc. in october 2011 the fcc voted to phase out the usf's high-cost program that has been subsidizing voice telephone services in rural areas by shifting $ 4.5 billion a year in funding over several years to a new connect america fund focused on expanding broadband deployment. more formally known as the schools and libraries program, the e-rate is funded from the universal service fund. the
one day diana is visited by jenny (kathleen wilhoite), an american tourist and also a victim of a turbulent past. without knowing how or why, diana suddenly pulls jenny into her nightmarish world.
jemma redgrave as diana annabelle lanyon as young diana kathleen wilhoite as jenny hoffman timothy spall as peck jimmy nail as paul mark greenstreet as oliver susan fleetwood as deborah annabelle lanyon as little jenny nickolas grace as jenny's father
south and north, the 2nd panzer division and panzer-lehr-division of xlvii panzer corps, as well as the corps' infantry (26th volksgrenadier division), coming due west had been engaged and much slowed and frustrated in outlying battles at defensive positions up to sixteen kilometres (10 mi) from the town proper, but these defensive
moreover, the sole corridor that was open (to the southeast) was threatened and it had been sporadically closed as the front shifted, and there was expectation that it would be completely closed sooner than later, given the strong likelihood that the town would soon be surrounded.
freeman portrays fictional labour mp david lyons, whose modernising ideas pit him against the traditional left-wing constituency agent jean whittaker (greig).
potters bar in hertfordshire with his partner, actress amanda abbington. the couple have two children together. they have appeared in other productions together, including sherlock, swinging with the finkels, the debt, the robinsons, and the all together. on 22 december 2016, freeman announced in an article in the financial times that he and abbington had separated. freeman is a close friend of actor simon pegg, who is godfather to his son
qian kept shen on staff to serve as secretary in his role as military governor of zhenhai.
in addition to being qian liu's secretary, shen song was later also made qian's deputy in qian's role as the circuit's agricultural director. it was said that most of qian's public declarations and communiques with other circuits were written by shen. tang fell in 907 and was, as to the central part of the empire, succeeded by later liang, which qian's realm, which became the state of wuyue, became a vassal to.
she urged governor rick scott to sign the legislation, which passed overwhelmingly in both chambers of the legislature, declaring, "with more than 125,000 children and 380,000 adults in florida with severe epilepsy and other debilitating illnesses, it's time to ease the suffering and bring relief. i urge the governor to promptly sign senate bill 1030 into law."
in 2014, edwards-walpole was re-elected to her second term in the legislature without opposition.
variables include the number of rows of teeth, their angle, and the width of the openings between teeth.
(whether immiscible liquids or powder in liquid) are fed from the top into a mixing tank containing the mixer on a rotating shaft at the bottom of the tank. a batch high-shear mixer can process a given volume of material approximately twice as fast as an inline rotor – stator mixer of the same power rating; such mixers continue to be used where faster processing by volume is the major requirement, and space is not limited. when mixing sticky solutions, some of the product may be left in the tank
drew malmuth of pretty much amazing wrote that "considering all the dreck out there it’s hard to gripe too much about a hip-hop release with good production and lyricism that has bursts of real quality", though mused that the project sounded "distinctly underdeveloped in comparison to top-tier hip-hop". credits for untitled ep adapted from allmusic.
the alchemist – producer hodgy beats – primary artist flying lotus – producer jonti – producer juicy j – producer thelonious martin – producer
evidence that this virus is transmitted in the seed. like other potyviruses, this virus produces viral inclusions called cylindrical inclusions. these inclusions can be diagnostic in passiflora spp. (see # external links) this virus was named for the symptoms seen in the fruit of infected p. ed
appearance and the edible part of the fruit becomes thick and hard or “ woody ”. the virus induces a severe mosaic, with rugosity and chlorotic ringspots in the leaves of p. edulis. infected plants grow less vigorously and have a shorter life span than those without the virus infection
christopher lee hawk (february 16,1951 – october 23,2009) was an american surfer and board shaper. hawk was born in maywood, california in 1951. during the 1980s, he became a surfboard shaper, and his boards were popular among locals in orange county.
into the surfers' hall of fame in huntington beach. the induction normally takes place in july each year during the u.s. open of surfing, but hawk's induction was moved forward because he had been diagnosed with terminal oral cancer. just over a month after the induction, hawk succumbed to the cancer and died on october 23 at
it is used in the adhesives, chemical, cosmetic, food, pharmaceutical, and plastics industries for emulsification, homogenization, particle size reduction, and dispersion.
relative to an adjacent area. a high-shear mixer uses a rotating impeller or high-speed rotor, or a series of such impellers or inline rotors, usually powered by an electric motor, to "work" the fluid, creating flow and shear. the tip velocity, or speed of the fluid at the outside diameter of the rotor, will be higher than the velocity at the center of the rotor, and it is
it came as no surprise to stalin when truman had informed him at the potsdam conference that he had a "powerful new weapon." truman was shocked at stalin's lack of interest.
and none were soviet citizens. one of the most valuable, klaus fuchs, was a german emigre theoretical physicist who had been part of the early british nuclear efforts and the uk mission to los alamos. fuchs had been intimately involved in the development of the implosion weapon, and passed on detailed cross-sections of the trinity device to his soviet contacts. other los alamos spies — none of whom knew each other — included
s jordan sagent viewed that the ep "isn't blowing the doors off of anything, but plenty of rappers have trouble releasing records this tight and thematically consistent, and ultimately, hodgy makes his name and money with mellowhype, and that group has shown no signs of slowing down."
claim! ' s gregory drakes praised the track "lamented", writing that the "strangely interesting production still amazes", and "for those who are still a bit weary about odd future, hodgy beats' untitled ep is good appetizer even for the ficklest consumers."
he finished third in the party primary behind eventual winner tim ryan and a local township trustee. from 2001 to 2002, dann served as a member of the liberty local school district board of education.
appoint him to fill the balance of ryan's term. he easily won election to a full term in 2004. dann was a leading figure in the exposure of a variety of ethics and criminal scandals in the administration of gov. bob taft, who became the first sitting governor in ohio history to plead guilty to a crime. dann was a leading critic of "coingate," an investment plan in which $ 50 million of
freedom for their citizens. it started in 2006 as henley & partners visa restrictions index (hvri) and was modified and renamed in january 2018. the site provides a ranking of the 199 passports of the world according to the number of countries their holders can travel to visa-free. the number of countries that a
air transport association (iata), and based on official data from their global database henley & partners has analysed the visa regulations of all the countries and territories in the world since 2006. the hpi consists of a ranking of passports according to how many other territories can be reached 'visa-free' (
in july 1627 he was created earl of newport in the isle of wight; newport, as he now was, took part in the siege of saint-martin-de-re in 1627 but was captured at the battle of the pont du feneau on 8 november. he was however released soon after. he held a rear-admiral's command in the ineffective expedition to relieve la rochelle in august 1628, for which he was petitioning for payment in the following years. his appointment as master of ordnance for his lifetime was granted 31
as was expected in the seventeenth century, he derived a tidy fortune from the position.
the walney terriers) are an american football club based in ulverston, cumbria, england. established in 2011 they were elevated to full bafa member status in 2013. they are one of two bafanl teams in cumbria and lancashire, playing in a conference of the league's second tier (national north west) alongside the chester romans, crewe railroaders, halton spartans & leeds bobcats. the terriers originally trained and played at
they then moved to hawcoat park and now have moved to gsk sports & social club, ulverston and still occasionally use barrow raiders' craven park stadium.
but fortunes subsequently changed for the network, which lost 10 million subscribers.
50 broadcasters in april 2017. analysts saw those moves as part of a shift in how espn distributes its programming, including the expected launch of a subscription streaming service: the functional equivalent of an a la carte channel. regional sports networks sold as part of bundled tiers were also a source of controversy. a notable example was time warner cable's agreement to pay the los angeles dodgers $ 8.35 billion over 25 years to exclusively carry the team's games on a jointly owned television outlet, sportsnet la (since renamed spectrum sportsnet la)
hector el father would retire from the music scene in 2008 to pursue his faith in jesus christ. tito el bambino became one of the most popular acts in latin music and is most well-known for the pop-smash "el amor" from 2009's platinum "el patron" album.
a (2002) season finale (2005) la historia live (2003) tito el bambino (album discography) top of the line (2006) it's my time (2007) el patron (2009) invencible (2011) invicto (2012) alta jerarquia (2014) hector
2000s, this technology became obsolete in most developed countries. broadband access includes a wide range of speeds and technologies, all of which provide much faster access to the internet than dial-up. the term "broadband" once had a technical meaning, but today it is more often used as a marketing buzzword to simply mean
are continuous or "always on" connections, without the need to dial and hangup, and do not monopolize phone lines. common types of broadband access include dsl (digital subscriber lines), cable internet access, satellite internet access, mobile broadband via cell phones and other mobile devices among many
about 100 of his weary men finally reached the german rear. following the malmedy massacre, on new year's day 1945, after having previously received orders to take no prisoners, american soldiers shot approximately sixty german prisoners of war near the belgian village of chenogne (8 km from bastogne).
center (the 32 km (20 mi) schnee eifel sector) as the fifth panzer army attacked positions held by the u.s. 28th and 106th infantry divisions. the germans lacked the overwhelming strength that had been deployed in the north, but still possessed a marked numerical and material superiority over
la carte basis. the regulation states, " all broadcasters will compulsorily offer all their channels on a la carte basis to dth operators. additionally, they may also offer bouquets, but they will not compel any dth operator to include the entire bouquet in any package being offered by
prior to the regulation, only customers in areas covered by the conditional access system (cas), and cable systems providing the services, had the option of choosing to buy only the channels they were interested in. trai intervened after dth operators complained that broadcasters were forcing them to carry channels that they did not want
janzour became a baladiyah that followed the greater tripoli muhafazah, janzur was part of jafara district since 2001. before that it was part of zawiya district in 1998 and before that it was part of tripoli district in 1995 and before that it was part of tarabulus baladiyah in 1987 and before that it was part of janzour
the palm and olive trees, as well as orange trees used to be widespread in the city; however, due to urban planning, and the dramatic increase of people colonization, a lot of these trees disappeared especially the orange trees.
overall a majority of military brats report having developed a kind of extra-adaptability and assimilate into new situations quickly and well, as they have done with each move to a new military base, town or country.
) culture are common to a majority of military brats. for example, one major study shows that 32% of military brats feel as if they are only spectators on u.s. life, and another 48% do not feel as if they are central to any group. a significant percentage of military brats report difficulty in forming strong relations with people or places, but very often do form strong
son offers a pistol to kamal as a return gift between friends, which kamal accepts. kamal then commands his only son to protect the colonel's son on his return journey and to serve valiantly under him for the british raj, even if he has to fight against kamal "for the peace of the border-line". kamal foretells his own death by hanging, and the promotion of his son to a high rank in the
the colonel's son and kamal's son swear blood brotherhood. the two young men ride back to the british fort, where kamal's son is greeted with hostility by the guards.
fighting in the hurtgen forest, the strategic situation in the west had changed little. the allies were slowly pushing towards germany, but no decisive breakthrough was achieved. the western allies already had 96 divisions at or near the front, with an estimated ten more divisions en route from the united kingdom. additional allied airborne units remained
thinly held lines of the u.s. first army between monschau and wasserbillig with army group b (model) by the end of the first day, get the armor through the ardennes by the end of the second day, reach the meuse between liege and dinant by the
a 101–82 (. 552) record against players who were, at the time the match was played, ranked in the top 10. the tournaments won by murray are in boldface. murray represented great britain at his maiden olympics in beijing 2008. he competed in the singles and doubles competitions. despite being seeded sixth in the singles competition, he was eliminated in the first round by chinese taipei's yen-hsun lu.
along with his brother jamie, he advanced to the second round of the doubles competition with a win over the canadian pairing of daniel nestor and frederic niemeyer. the murray brothers were eliminated in
.. a fifty-mile radius in the daytime. (ten mile radius at night) plus a sister station: whjm 88.7 fm licensed in anna, transmitting from botkins with a live studio located in nearby minster which serves a forty-mile radius within the upper miami valley and southern portions of
of the archdiocese: wvsg 820 am located in columbus "st. gabriel radio" (the former wosu (am). wrdf 106.3 fm licensed in columbia city, indiana with studio in fort wayne as "redeemer radio" which can be heard in portions of the northwestern corner of
on august 4,2017, the stars re-signed oleksiak to a one-year, $ 964,688 contract.
season, his sixth season within the stars organization and having been unable to solidify a role on the blueline, oleksiak appeared in 21 games recording just 3 points before he was traded to the pittsburgh penguins in exchange for a conditional fourth-round pick in 2019 nhl entry draft on december 19,2017. oleksiak immediately established his role with the penguins and in his 47 regular-season games with the penguins following the trade, he scored 4 goals, 10 assists
' s legislative districts were redrawn and state representative franklin sands was unable to seek re-election. she opted to run in the newly created 98th district, which included her hometown of plantation. in the democratic primary, she faced louis reinstein, and she earned the endorsement of the sun-sentinel, which praised both candidates as "the types of political candidates one wishes could be cloned" because they were
however, the sun-sentinel ultimately endorsed edwards-walpole, praising her as a centrist who, despite being "a safe party vote on most issues," earned the endorsement of the national rifle association.
byrne was initially uninvolved in the choreography, but made more suggestions as the tour went on and after he saw a live performance by deerhoof that incorporated dancing with instruments.
set lists for the tour, byrne initially considered only promoting this album, but decided to assemble songs this album as well as their previous collaborations, including the talking heads albums more songs about buildings and food, fear of music, and remain in light and byrne's the catherine wheel soundtrack. by playing music from all of their collaborations, byrne hoped to "draw a line linking this new material with what we did 30 years ago" with the goal
orabazes ii was a king of characene a kingdom located at the head of the persian gulf. his reign was from 150/51 to 165ad. like most characene rulers he is primarily known from his
of characene history, at a time when the state was increasingly weak, we find that the spelling of his name varies between coins and that legends on his coins are consistently partially corrupt. furthermore, so far only two coins are known that carry a readable date (151 and 156/7 ad). he is also the first characene ruler to use aramaic text although the images on the
arachnida. p.
. in: "the fauna of the cocos-kneeling atoll", collected by f. wood jones (f. wood jones, ed.). proceedings of the zoological society of london, 1909 (1): 132–160. hirst, a. stanley, 1909b. "ruwenzori expedition reports 6 arachnida". london, stanley gardiner. no. xviii. the araneae, opiliones and pseudoscorpiones. transactions of the linnean society of london, zoology, 19 pt. 1 pp. 57–58
weapons was restored by the 1958 us-uk mutual defence agreement. as a result of this and the polaris sales agreement, the united kingdom has bought united states designs for submarine missiles and fitted its own warheads. it retains full independent control over the use of the missiles. it no longer possesses any free-fall bombs. france had been heavily involved in nuclear research before world war ii through the work of the joliot-curies. this was discontinued after the war because of the instability of
however, in the 1950s, france launched a civil nuclear research program, which produced plutonium as a byproduct.
, but missed. kane then fired multiple shots from his ak-47 variant through the hood of the car, striking paudert in the head with a ricochet. both officers were fatally wounded; paudert, 39, died at the scene, and evans, 38, died at the hospital. the suspects
make an "officer down" call. approximately 2 hours after the incident, crittenden county sheriff dick busby and chief enforcement officer w.a. wren stopped a minivan believed to be the suspects' at a wal-mart supercenter. officers busby and wren were wounded in gunfire exchanged with
weekends were heavily laden with classic movies and adventure shows such as the outer limits, the wild wild west and bonanza. wbti also began airing world championship tennis and notre dame football games.
gold " movies on saturdays and sundays were hosted by one-time theater operator and hamilton, ohio native fred baum, who most recently owned the holiday auto theater; baum died in 2007. in january 1981, the station added more sitcoms to its lineup during the week such as mister ed, the addams family, the munsters, and the beverly hillbillies. on-tv programming expanded on weekend evenings, signing on
s. congress repeals the requirement for a gold reserve to back us currency. 1969 – the united states begins secretly bombing the sihanouk trail in cambodia, used by communist forces to infiltrate south vietnam. 1970 – lon nol ousts prince norodom sihanouk of cambodia. 1971 – peru: a landslide crashes into yanawayin lake, killing 200 people at the mining camp of chungar. 1980 – a vostok-2m rocket at plesetsk cosmodrome site 43 explodes during a
1990 – germans in the german democratic republic vote in the first democratic elections in the former communist dictatorship.
crayon "as one of the rapper's" must-see music videos ". g-dragon performed" crayon ", along with other tracks from his ep, on the talk show you hee-yeol's sketchbook. his appearance on the show resulted in an increase of 75% in the demand for audience tickets. the rapper then performed the single on the music show
the korea herald hailed these performances an "joyfull adventure" to the audience. the members of g-dragon's group, big bang, performed an remake of the song in the 2012 mnet asian music awards.
out of five stars. jeff benjamin of fuse considered "crayon" "one of g-dragon's signature tracks", writing that the single's "crazy dance joint is guaranteed to make" audience in live performances "go nuts". e. alex jung of vulture. com felt that the track was "the best example of his chameleonic power" since it " demonstrated his ability to metabolize pop culture and fashion on a global scale and reform
been released in the last day of the tracking week, "crayon" managed to debut at number 13 in the gaon digital chart.
equilibrium mixing can be achieved by passing the product through the inline high-shear mixer more than once.
– stator mixer equipped for powder induction offers flexibility, capability, and portability to serve multiple mix vessels of virtually any size. its straightforward operation and convenience further maximize equipment utility while simplifying material handling. when used with a vacuum pump and hopper, an inline shear mixer can be a very effective way to incorporate powders into liquid streams. otherwise known as high-shear powder inductors, these systems have the advantage of keeping the process on the floor level instead of working with heavy bags on mezzanines.
the aasm also publishes clinical practice guidelines, position papers and consensus documents for sleep medicine physicians with recommendations for the diagnosis and treatment of sleep and circadian rhythm sleep-wake disorders.
there are diagnostic and treatment guidelines for several sleep disorders and they are regularly reviewed and revised. the aasm's outreach to patients is found at sleep education.
the rebellion of his household. in a tremendous rage, he sets the house on fire. margaret finally speaks as she urges finn and melanie to escape. they do so just in time, running outside the house and turning to watch the floors of the house collapse in fire. they realise now that their old world is destroyed and, for
the novel was filmed in 1987. it was produced by steve morrison and directed by david wheatley. it was adapted for the screen by the author, angela carter, and starred tom bell, caroline milmoe, killian mckenna, patricia kerrigan, and lorcan cranitch.
michaela vernerova (born 15 september 1973) is a czech judoka.
she competed at the 1996 summer olympics and the 2000
when the coingate scandal broke, taft, who was a regular golf partner of noe's, denied having knowledge of the bureau of workers compensation (bwc) decision to invest money in noe's coin funds.
dann demanded, then sued to see memos, e-mails, and other communications transmitted between gov. taft's office and the bwc. dann was a vociferous critic of then-attorney general jim petro, a republican, who had been notified by the securities and exchange commission more than two years earlier that the sec had serious reservations about investment practices at the
in the south, brandenberger's seventh army pushed towards luxembourg in its efforts to secure the flank from allied attacks.
members of the waffen-ss had unsuccessfully tried to recapture the town of vianden with its castle from the luxembourgish resistance during the battle of vianden. while the siege of bastogne is often credited as the central point where the german offensive was stopped, the battle for elsenborn ridge was actually the decisive component of the battle of the bulge, stopping the advance of the best equipped armored units of the german army and forcing them to reroute their troops to unfavorable alternative
picasso's friend and biographer pierre daix records that the title of the painting was not one assigned to it originally by picasso himself – the artist referred to the charnel house as simply 'my painting' or 'the massacre';
nevertheless, in later years after the second world war picasso refused to retitle the painting once its identity as the charnel house gained popularity, and it was first exhibited as such following picasso's joining of the communist party in 1946.
allgemeines landrecht fur die preußischen staaten, often abbreviated to alr) were an important code of prussia, promulgated in 1794 and codified by carl gottlieb svarez and ernst ferdinand klein, under the orders of frederick ii. the code had over 17,000 articles, and covered fields of civil law, penal law, family law, public law, administrative law etc. frederick i of prussia wanted to create a uniform
frederick's idea was not only to create a unified set of laws, but to make them clear and eliminate possible manipulations by different interpretation.
they succeeded in surrounding two largely intact regiments (422nd and 423rd) of the 106th division in a pincer movement and forced their surrender, a tribute to the way manteuffel's new tactics had been applied.
tank company of the 422nd infantry, 106th division. the official u.s. army history states: " at least seven thousand [men] were lost here and the figure probably is closer to eight or nine thousand. the amount lost in arms and equipment, of course, was very substantial. the schnee eifel battle, therefore, represents the most serious reverse
believing in omens and the successes of his early war campaigns that had been planned at kransberg, hitler had chosen the site from which he had overseen the successful 1940 campaign against france and the low countries.
enough for the generals and panzer corps commanders who were to lead the attack to visit adlerhorst on 11 december, travelling there in an ss-operated bus convoy. with the castle acting as overflow accommodation, the main party was settled into the adlerhorst's haus 2 command bunker, including gen. alfred jodl, gen. wilhelm keitel, gen. blumentritt, von mante
while the texas rules of civil procedure require no judicial permission and impose no intervention deadline, the common law dictates that a party may not intervene post-judgment unless the trial court first sets aside the judgment.
see state v. naylor, 466 s.w. 3d 783,788 (tex. 2015). for the same reason, an intervenor must enter the lawsuit before final judgment to have standing to bring an appeal.
boats from racehorse took a number of the crew to shore, and five intrepid local men made four trips out and back to rescue more. on the last trip, with suckling on board, the boat overturned in the surf.
men from racehorse drowned, as did three rescuers from castletown. the subsequent court martial reprimanded the master, henry hodder, for failing to take constant depth soundings, and warned him to be more careful in the future. the court martial severely reprimanded the pilot, william edwards, for sailing too close to land, and mulcted him of all pay
lagg av! (anders melander) released in 1974 on "livet ar en fest" and performed by hardcore band lok. hanna fran arlov (ulf dageby) from the 1974 album "livet ar en fest" performed by lisa miskovsky and christian kjellvander.
ander) released in 1974 on the album "livet ar en fest", performed by stefan sundstrom and weeping willows. aldrig mera krig (ulf dageby, peter wahlqvist) from the tent show "vi aro tusenden" released on record in
a czech professional ice hockey player who is currently a free agent. hlavac has played at the national hockey league level for the new york rangers, philadelphia flyers, vancouver canucks, carolina hurricanes, tampa bay lightning and nashville predators. his first stint with the rangers saw him play on the czech-mate line with country
19 goals and 42 points in 1999–2000, his rookie season, and he scored an nhl career high 28 goals and 64 points in 2000–01. he was unable to duplicate his early success in philadelphia, vancouver, and carolina and returned to europe following a second stint with new york in 2003–04.
these soldiers were to be dressed in american and british uniforms and wear dog tags taken from corpses and prisoners of war. their job was to go behind american lines and change signposts, misdirect traffic, generally cause disruption and seize bridges across the meuse river.
by late november another ambitious special operation was added: col. friedrich august von der heydte was to lead a fallschirmjager-kampfgruppe (paratrooper combat group) in operation stosser, a night-time paratroop drop behind the allied lines aimed at capturing a vital road junction near malmedy.
2015 – the bardo national museum in tunisia is attacked by gunmen.
2 – polykarp leyser the elder, german theologian (d. 1610) 1555 – francis, duke of anjou (d. 1584) 1578 – adam elsheimer, german painter (d. 1610) 1590 – manuel de faria e sousa, portuguese historian and poet (d. 1649) 1597 – jerome le royer de la dauversiere, french religious leader, founded the societe notre-dame de montreal (d. 1659) 1603 – simon bradstreet, english colonial magistrate (d
his win at the paris masters 1000 event was his 8th tour title of the season and means that he has now won 7 of the 9 different masters 1000 events (missing indian wells & monte carlo). (w) won; (f) finalist;
(qf) quarterfinalist; (# r) rounds 4,3,2, (rr) round-robin stage; (q #) qualification round; (a) absent; (z #) davis / fed cup zonal group (with number indication) or (po) play-off; (g) gold, (f-s) silver or (
initials served as the name for abry communications. soon after, stronger programming was added to include more recent sitcoms and better movies. on september 15,1990, the station changed its callsign to wstr-tv and its on-air branding to "star 64". in 1992, control was officially transferred to abry communications, lp. in 1994, the station increased its transmitter power from one to five million watts at a brand new tower and transmitter site in cincinnati's college hill
that tower would be known as the "star tower" and would eventually be home to several radio stations and other communications services.
astronomy and computing is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on applications computer science in astronomy published by elsevier. it was established in 2013 and is abstracted and indexed in the astrophysics data system, inspec and scopus.
generating research results has grown, and indeed, much of modern research depends on software. though occasionally discussed casually, the idea for a journal devoted to computational methods in astronomy was formally discussed at the astronomical data analysis software and systems (adass) xx conference in a birds of a feather session in 2010, where it was demonstrated that the major astronomy publications are often reluctant to include purely computational articles
r tvcast's 8-episode web drama investigator alice, which was released in october 2015, where she portrayed detective chun yeon-joo. in march 2015, kim joined mbc's tutoring across generations in place of lee tae-im, but the show got cancelled on april 2 after episode 21 due
mi appeared on sugar man as pink bnn on october 20,2015. in 2016, kim and apink co-member yoon bo-mi became the new mcs of shikshin road 2. in the december 27 broadcast of king of mask singer, it was revealed that kim was behind the mask "
hastily assembled force including rear-echelon troops, military police and army air force personnel. the british 29th armoured brigade of british 11th armoured division, which had turned in its tanks for re-equipping, was told to take back their tanks and head to the area. british xxx corps was significantly reinforced for this effort. units of the corps which fought in the ardennes were the 51st (highland) and 53rd (welsh) infantry divisions, the british 6th airborne division, the
unlike the german forces on the northern and southern shoulders who were experiencing great difficulties, the german advance in the center gained considerable ground.
american rear in the high fens (french: hautes fagnes; german: hohes venn; dutch: hoge venen) area. the objective was the "baraque michel" crossroads. it was led by oberst friedrich august freiherr von der heydte, considered by germans to be a hero of
it was the german paratroopers' only night time drop during world war ii. von der heydte was given only eight days to prepare prior to the assault. he was not allowed to use his own regiment because their movement might alert the allies to the impending counterattack.
also said that the stars were placed in the sky at this point. tupa then created humanity (according to most guarani myths, the guarani were naturally the first race of people to be made, with every other civilization being born from it) in an elaborate ceremony, forming clay statues of man and woman with a mixture of various
after breathing life into the human forms, he left them with the spirits of good and evil and departed. the original humans created by tupa were rupave and sypave, whose names mean "father of the people" and "mother of the people", respectively.
survey, " headed by dr louise reiss, demonstrated conclusively in 1961 that above-ground nuclear testing posed significant public health risks in the form of radioactive fallout spread primarily via milk from cows that had ingested contaminated grass. public pressure and the research results subsequently led to a moratorium on above-ground nuclear weapons testing, followed by the partial test ban treaty, signed in 1963 by john f. kennedy
bombers and short-range rockets were not reliable: planes could be shot down, and earlier nuclear missiles could cover only a limited range — for example, the first soviet rockets' range limited them to targets in europe.
he learned that stoumont was strongly held and that the americans were bringing up strong reinforcements from spa. to peiper's south, the advance of kampfgruppe hansen had stalled. ss-oberfuhrer mohnke ordered schnellgruppe knittel, which had been designated to follow hansen, to instead move forward to support peiper. ss-sturmbannfuhrer knittel crossed the bridge at stavelot around 19:00 against american forces trying to retake the town.
knittel pressed forward towards la gleize, and shortly afterward the americans recaptured stavelot.
, adolf hitler was appointed chancellor of germany and it quickly became unsafe for jewish scientists to remain in the country. leo szilard fled to london where he proposed, and in 1934 patented, the idea of a nuclear chain reaction via neutrons. the patent also introduced the term critical mass to describe the minimum amount of material required to sustain the chain reaction and its potential to cause an
(british patent 630,726.) he subsequently assigned the patent to the british admiralty so that it could be covered by the official secrets act. in a very real sense, szilard was the father of the atomic bomb academically.
although advancing only in a narrow corridor, 2nd panzer division was still making rapid headway, leading to jubilation in berlin.
for fifth panzer army, which was deployed at marche. on 22/23 december german forces reached the woods of foy-notre-dame, only a few kilometers ahead of dinant. the narrow corridor caused considerable difficulties, as constant flanking attacks threatened the division. on 24 december, german forces made their furthest penetration west. the panzer lehr division took the town of celles, while a bit farther north, parts of 2nd panzer division were in sight of the meuse near dinant
vote of confidence in which she supported prime minister george papandreou she was brought back into the party fold. katseli was expelled from the pasok parliamentary group again, after voting against greece's loan deal with its foreign creditors. on 14 march 2012 she formed the new social agreement party, together with
bailout policy that gave the right to greece's lenders to seize the gold reserves in the bank of greece, and the fact that future greek bonds will be managed according to english law. louka katseli is married to gerasimos arsenis and mother of two children, dimitris
. military law requires commanding officers and those in authority to demonstrate virtue, honor, patriotism, and subordination in all that they do. in the 1990s, the army officially adopted what have come to be known as "the 7 army values", which are summarized with the acronym "ldrship". ldrship stands for loyalty, duty, respect, selfless service, honor, integrity, and personal courage. while this acronym is relatively new, the ideas it represents have been at the heart of
similarly, the motto "duty, honor, country" is the standard of the u.s. military.
kbasa under kedic, until the latter's death in 1809, when bobovac was appointed a knez (a governor of a knezina, "district") in revolutionary serbia. the district was called "bobovac's knezina" (бобовчева
bobovac the president of the people's court in kragujevac (deed no. 1932) and then president of the belgrade people's court (after knez milosav zdravkovic), at which position he remained until 1828, when he was made commander of the serbian army on
united states navy which was established on december 12,2003 by order of secretary of the navy gordon r. england. the ribbon is retroactive to may 1,2001. service with the guard or on board uss constitution prior to this date does not qualify the member for the ribbon. as of january 17,2012 the name of the navy ceremonial duty ribbon was changed from the u.s. navy ceremonial guard ribbon in order to encompass those personnel who have successfully completed
in this case the term successful is defined as completion of a tour of 24 months, completion of all required qualifications and maintaining outstanding personal appearance and a discipline free record.
schnellgruppe knittel was forced to disengage from the heights around stavelot.
gruppe sandig, which had been ordered to take stavelot, launched another attack without success. sixth panzer army commander sepp dietrich ordered hermann prieß, commanding officer of the i ss panzer corps, to increase its efforts to back peiper's battle group, but prieß was unable to break through. small units of the u.s. 2nd battalion, 119th infantry regiment, 30th infantry division, attacked the dispersed units of kampfgruppe peiper on the morning of 21 december
the show, uncle philip goes on a business trip, taking jonathon with him and leaving the rest of the family alone at the house. finn decides to destroy philip's puppet swan and buries it in the park next to the fallen queen victoria. he returns home and crawls into bed with melanie.
s him and arrives at the realisation that they will someday marry and have children, leading a poor, constrained life together. finn reaches a sort of epiphany about his life and decides to wash after a somewhat drunken evening, melanie learns that margaret and francie have been having an incestuous relationship
running back who is currently a free agent. he played college football for the northern arizona university lumberjacks. he was considered one of the top running backs in fcs history, being one of only nine players to rush for 1,000 + yards four times. baumann played college football for the northern arizona lumberjacks in the ncaa division i football championship subdivision (fcs) from 2010 to 2013. he was considered one of the top
while at northern arizona, he rushed for at least 1,000 yards for all four years of his eligibility, including 1,456 yards and 10 touchdowns as a senior.
- up by roy alex in a magazine. he invited roy as a part of reviving his failed business, and to eliminate his business rival narendra shetty (rajeev), whom he considers to be the man who destroyed his business. then roy follows a van carrying a drama troupe, which reaches a home
roy sees the owner of the home, a businessman, and chakrapani (bheeman raghu), the drama director, having demands of black money, and he captures it. but soon chakrapani finds them, and with his dogs follow roy and one of his dogs kill him.
considerations of economy of force led it to be used as a training ground for new units and a rest area for units that had seen hard fighting. the u.s. units deployed in the ardennes thus were a mixture of inexperienced troops (such as the raw u.s. 99th and 106th "golden lions" divisions), and battle-hardened troops sent to that sector to
by october it was decided that otto skorzeny, the german ss-commando who had rescued the former italian dictator benito mussolini, was to lead a task force of english-speaking german soldiers in "operation greif".
on the fruit and plant growth, pwv is considered one of the most economically important of the many viruses that have been found infecting passiflora spp. pwv was first reported from australia in 1964 infecting passiflora edulis it has since been reported from central america, taiwan, south africa, and brazil and in at least 10 other passiflora species including p. suberosa, p. subpeltata, p. aurantia and passiflora
in 2009 it was found in florida (usa) in passiflora choconiana.
eduard freudenheim was a male austrian international table tennis player. he won a bronze medal at the 1926 world table tennis championships in the mixed doubles with gertrude wildam and a silver medal in the team event. freudenheim was a member of the vienna association vienna athletic club.
he became national austrian champion in singles in 1925 and 1926. in 1928 he relocated to poland for two years for professional reasons.
during the height of mccarthyism, the effect was pronounced on the security hearings in early 1954, which revoked former los alamos director robert oppenheimer's security clearance on the grounds that he was unreliable, had not supported the american hydrogen bomb program, and had made long-standing left-wing ties in the
against oppenheimer, resulting in his virtual expulsion from the physics community. on march 1,1954, the u.s. detonated its first practical thermonuclear weapon (which used isotopes of lithium as its fusion fuel), known as the "shrimp" device of the castle bravo test
as the 47th ohio attorney general on january 8,2007. dann had been questioned by some for supporting capri cafaro's successful bid to fill dann's unexpired term in the state senate. cafaro, heiress to part of the cafaro shopping-mall empire, had never won election
' s father, j.j. cafaro, had pleaded guilty in 2001 to bribing then-congressman jim traficant to push legislation that would benefit his aviation-equipment company. capri, then in her early 20s, was president of the aviation company but was not charged with any wrong
- 29 crash occurred 21 july 1948 when a boeing b-29-100-bw superfortress, modified into an f-13 reconnaissance platform and performing atmospheric research, crashed into the waters of lake mead, nevada, us. on 13 september 1945, “ lake mead’s b-29, ” serial number 45-21847, was put into service. in 1947 it was stripped of armaments, re-classified as a reconnaissance b-29 (f-13), and moved into the
the purpose of this project was to develop an intercontinental ballistic missile guidance system that used the sun for direction and positioning.
wired) and wireless broadband penetration have grown steadily, reaching peaks of 28.0% and 89.8% respectively in 2012. these rates place the u.s. above the world average of 25.9% for fixed broadband in developed countries and well above the average of 62.8% for wireless broadband in
wireless broadband subscriptions in the u.s. are primarily mobile-cellular broadband. because a single internet subscription may be shared by many people and a single person may have more than one subscription, the penetration rate will not reflect the actual level of access to broadband internet of the population and penetration rates larger than 100
at 10:30 a.m. on 20 december, eisenhower telephoned montgomery and ordered him to assume command of the american first (hodges) and ninth army (simpson) – which, until then, were under bradley's overall command. this change in command was ordered because the northern armies had not only lost all communications with bradley, who was based in luxembourg city,
describing the situation as he found it on 20 december, montgomery wrote; the first army was fighting desperately. having given orders to dempsey and crerar, who arrived for a conference at 11 am, i left at noon for the h.q.
s subculture has emerged over the last 200 years. the age of the phenomenon has meant military brats have also been described by a number of researchers as one of america's oldest and yet least well-known and largely invisible subcultures. they have also been described as a "modern nomadic subculture". "military brat" is known in u.s. military culture as a term of endearment and
the term may also connote a military brat's experience of mobile upbringing, and may reference a sense of worldliness. research has shown that most current and former military brats like the term;
jeffrey lawrence hemmerman (born 25 february 1955) is an english former footballer.
games in a ten-year career in the football league with hull city, scunthorpe united, port vale, portsmouth, and cardiff city. he was promoted out of the fourth division with portsmouth in 1979–80, and then won promotion out of the third division with cardiff city in 1982–83. hemmerman came through the youth ranks at hull city as terry neill's "tigers" ended the 1973–74 season in ninth place in the second division, and then went on to finish the 1974–75 season in eighth place
the ultimate award authority for the navy ceremonial duty ribbon is the commanding officer of the u.s. navy ceremonial guard, which is headquartered at the washington navy yard in the district of columbia.
multiple awards of the navy ceremonial duty ribbon are denoted by bronze service stars, however only one award of the ribbon is authorized for each tour of duty.
these included scientists such as wernher von braun, who had helped design the v-2 rockets the nazis launched across the english channel.
ed to move german scientists into american hands (and away from soviet hands) and put them to work for the u.s. early nuclear-tipped rockets — such as the mgr-1 honest john, first deployed by the u.s. in 1953 — were surface-to-surface missiles with relatively short ranges (around 15 mi / 25 km maximum) and yields around twice the size of the first fission weapons. the limited range meant they could only be used in certain types
a puerto rican reggaeton duo famous for their song "ay amor", featuring salsa singer victor manuelle, which was the group's only charted song in the united states. they are also known for their songs "gata salvaje" (featuring daddy yankee and nicky jam), "morena" (featuring glory and don omar) and "amor de colegio" (featuring don omar
hector & tito started their career in the 1990s going by the name of "los bambinos" after singing with other reggaeton artists. together, they released several albums and rose to fame in all latin america.
mixers that clean the tank as part of the operating run. some high-shear mixers are designed to run dry, limiting the amount of cleaning needed in the tank. in an inline high-shear rotor – stator mixer, the rotor – stator array is contained in a housing with an inlet at one end and an outlet at the other, and the rotor driven through a seal. the components to be mixed are drawn through the generator array in a continuous stream, with
inline high-shear mixers offer a more controlled mixing environment, take up less space, and can be used as part of a continuous process.
janzour is becoming a highly urban area, as new hospitals, schools, and roads are being built.
right now, it is home to many significant institutions, including the libyan academy, university of tripoli: faculty of arts, school of medicine, engineering and vocational colleges... etc.
and non-discriminatory contributions to the usf. under the supervision of the fcc, the universal service administrative company (usac), is responsible for allocating money from the central fund to four programs: high cost, low income, rural health care, and schools and libraries (e-rate). these programs are designed to: promote the availability of quality services at just
increase access to advanced telecommunications services throughout the nation; advance the availability of such services to all consumers, including those in low income, rural, insular, and high cost areas at rates that are reasonably comparable to those charged in urban areas;
tv ran for several hours each night usually ending around 2 a.m. on some nights, wbti would resume unencrypted broadcasts and air general entertainment programs until it signed-off. in august 1981, buford television changed its name to hen incorporated (its initials standing for "home entertainment network"
, the on-tv service expanded to 20 hours per day. at that time, the fcc required that broadcast stations be on-the-air for at least four hours per day. the station ran new zoo revue at 8 a.m., jimmy swaggart at 8:30, the ptl
: ইংরেজি বিভাগ) of the university of dhaka, is one of the leading departments in university of dhaka. it is under the faculty of arts. it is as old as the university. the department of english is as old as the university of dhaka, it the department of english contributed immensely to the spread of education in the then east bengal. it has
leela nag, a student of the department, was the first woman graduate of dhaka university, and her admission to the department of english was an epoch-making event in the history of women's emancipation in the country.
was given high priority. chemical explosives were used to implode a sub-critical sphere of plutonium, thus increasing its density and making it into a critical mass. the difficulties with implosion centered on the problem of making the chemical explosives deliver a perfectly uniform shock wave upon the plutonium sphere — if it
would focus the blast waves inside the imploding sphere, akin to the way in which an optical lens focuses light rays. after d-day, general groves ordered a team of scientists to follow eastward-moving victorious allied troops into europe to assess the status of the german nuclear program (and to prevent the westward
a first-class share of a subsequent payment for the hull and stores was worth £105 7s 6d; a sixth-class share was worth 15s 5½d. a first-class share of the bounty money for the slaves was worth £295 1s 2½d;
d. a first-class share of the prize money was worth £1169 1s 4d; a sixth-class share, that of an ordinary seaman, was worth £23 17s 3d. a first-class share of a later payment from an excess charge withheld at the cape of good hope for monticello
fact, because of the germans' efforts, the allies were led to believe that a new defensive army was being formed around dusseldorf in the northern rhineland, possibly to defend against british attack. this was done by increasing the number of flak (flugabwehrkanonen, i.e., anti -
no importance. all of this meant that the attack, when it came, completely surprised the allied forces. remarkably, the u.s. third army intelligence chief, colonel oscar koch, the u.s. first army intelligence chief and the shaef intelligence officer brigadier general kenneth strong all correctly predicted the german offensive
laziz al-deayea (arabic: محمد عبدالعزيز الدعيع; born 2 august 1972) is a saudi arabian retired football goalkeeper. he played in four fifa world cups for the saudi arabia national team and earned a total of 178 officially recognized caps, the record for a goalkeeper. he also achieved the first best goalkeeper of the century from asia award ahead of nasser hejazi in second and in-young choi in third
al-deayea has split his professional career between the clubs al-ta ' ee and al-hilal.
the experiences of those she has interviewed, in her book brats: growing up inside the fortress. pat conroy also sheds light on the difficult circumstances of growing up in his book (later a movie), the great santini. there have been many famous military brats, and also numerous representations of fictional military brats in literature and film. the origin of the term "military brat" is unknown. there is some evidence that it dates back hundreds of years into the british empire, and
however, acronyms are a product of the 20th century and all attempts to trace this theory have failed to find a legitimate source.
bradi (also, burady) is a village and municipality in the lerik rayon of azerbaijan.
it has a population of 155. the municipality consists of the villages of asagı bradi ("lower bradi") and yuxarı bradi ("upper bradi").
20 july plot to assassinate hitler resulted in much tighter security and fewer leaks. the foggy autumn weather also prevented allied reconnaissance aircraft from correctly assessing the ground situation. german units assembling in the area were even issued charcoal instead of wood for cooking fires to cut down on smoke and reduce chances of allied observers dedu
command considered the ardennes a quiet sector, relying on assessments from their intelligence services that the germans were unable to launch any major offensive operations this late in the war. what little intelligence they had led the allies to believe precisely what the germans wanted them to believe-– that preparations were being carried out only for defensive
the station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition uhf channel 33, using psip to display wstr-tv's virtual channel as 64 on digital television receivers, which was among the high band uhf channels (52-69) that were removed from broadcasting use as a result of the transition.
dayton, w66aq, on channel 66. this translator signed on in 1980, rebroadcasting then-wbti's on-tv service and other programming. it is not well documented whether w66aq continued to air the parent channel's complete schedule after on-tv ended, or
wierson grew up in excelsior, minnesota and attended part of his high school years in the middle east.
from minnetonka high school (1990), later graduating cum laude from georgetown university (1994) with a bachelor's of science degree in foreign service. in 1997, wierson, was named the rotary international ambassadorial scholar representing the state of minnesota, which he used to receive his master's degree in economics from the state university of campinas (unicamp). wierson's career began as an investment banker, working for the world bank, abn amro bank, and
of the federal or state government may be permitted by the court to intervene when a party to a case relies on a federal or state statute or executive order, or any regulation promulgated thereunder, for its claim or defense. in both intervention of right and permissive intervention, the applicant must make a timely application to be
the applicant cannot sit on its rights; it must intervene as soon as it has reason to know that its interest may be adversely affected by the outcome of the pending litigation. the applicant must serve its motion to intervene on the parties to the case and explain its reasons for intervening in the motion papers.
he defeated a final table that included 2009 champion joe cada, beating tony miles on the 442nd hand of the final table, and 199th of heads-up, when his k♣ j♣ beat the q♣ 8♥ on a board of k♥ k♦ 5♥ 8♦ 4♠. as
his 13 cashes at the wsop account for $ 9.5 million of those winnings.
apart from his interests in family businesses, dr cingillioglu is the founder and principal shareholder of c group, a turkish conglomerate consisting of banking and financial services companies in turkey, netherlands, germany, belgium, romania, kazakhstan and kyrgyz republic.
ıngıllıoglu has been in the banking / finance business throughout his career. aside his current director position at hcbg holding bv (of which he is the 100% shareholder), he has been active in the financial sector since the early 1970s, occupying various executive and chair positions in several banks, brokerage houses, leasing, factor
that artificial radioactivity could be induced in stable elements by bombarding them with alpha particles; enrico fermi reported similar results when bombarding uranium with neutrons. in december 1938, otto hahn and fritz strassmann sent a manuscript to naturwissenschaften reporting that they had detected the element bari
lise meitner and her nephew otto robert frisch correctly interpreted these results as being due to the splitting of the uranium atom. (frisch confirmed this experimentally on january 13,1939.) they gave the process the name "fission" because of its similarity to the splitting of a cell into two new
the galactic empire is an interstellar empire featured in isaac asimov's robot, galactic empire, and foundation series.
across the milky way galaxy and consists of almost 25 million planets settled exclusively by humans. it had a population of 500 quintillion subjects. for over 12 millennia the seat of imperial authority was located on the ecumenopolis of trantor, whose population exceeded 40 billion, until it was sacked in the year 12,328. the official symbol of the empire is the spaceship-and-sun. cleon ii was the last emperor to hold significant authority. the fall of the empire, modelled on
murray's third major final appearance ended in another straight sets defeat, this time at the hands of novak djokovic. he made his fourth appearance in a major final at the 2012 wimbledon championships, becoming the first male british player since bunny austin in 1938 to make it to a wimbledon final. he lost to roger federer, who recovered from losing the first set to prevail in four sets. this meant
a month after this defeat, however, at the same venue, murray won the gold medal at the 2012 london olympics, defeating federer in three sets in the final, while losing only 7 games in the entire match.
these technological possibilities enabled nuclear strategy to develop a logic considerably different from previous military thinking.
was first thought that it might make any war of the future impossible. president dwight d. eisenhower's doctrine of "massive retaliation" in the early years of the cold war was a message to the ussr, saying that if the red army attempted to invade the parts of europe not given to the eastern bloc during the potsdam conference (such as west germany), nuclear weapons would be used against the soviet troops and potentially the soviet leaders. with the development of more rapid-response technologies (such as rockets and long-range bombers), this
there has been a good deal of controversy surrounding the e-rate, including legal challenges from states and telecommunications companies.
participated in the program. annual requests for discounts are roughly three times the $ 2.25 billion that is available, so while all eligible schools and libraries receive some discounts, some do not receive all of the discounts to which they are entitled under the rules of the program. seventy-eight percent of rural community members < http: / / www. pewinternet. org / 2015/06/26 / americans-internet-access-2000-2015 / > like the e-rate,
account on february 20,2012, and was released five days later. unlike in their previous records, odd future did not contribute in the production, and hodgy is the only person to rap on it. the song "higashi loves you" is the instrumental to "somebody (loves you)" by plies and was produced by rodnae. producers juicy j, the alchemist and flying lotus all contributed beats
2 which was released on march 20,2012. album opener "bullshittin '" was produced by three 6 mafia's juicy j, and features a murky bassline with a calming vibe.
the ardennes with as few troops as possible due to the favorable terrain (a densely wooded highland with deep river valleys and a rather thin road network) and limited allied operational objectives in the area. they also had intelligence that the wehrmacht was using the area across the german border as a rest-and-refit area for
allies with enormous supply problems. over-the-beach supply operations using the normandy landing areas and direct landing lsts on the beaches were unable to meet operational needs. the only deep-water port the allies had captured was cherbourg on the northern shore of the cotentin peninsula and west of the original invasion
channels are sold in packages / bouquets / bundles or a la carte. all television service providers are required, by law, to provide a la carte selection of channels. india is the first country in the world to couple a la carte pricing with a price cap.
y was the first to offer channels on an a la carte basis in india, announcing such a service on september 3,2003. on september 3,2007, the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) issued the telecommunication (broadcasting and cable services) interconnection (fourth amendment) regulation 2007, which went into law on december
this is because the knowledge, experience, values, ideas, attitudes, skills, tastes, and techniques that are associated with the military can sometimes differ from civilian culture.
zed towns that promote conformity. military families shop at some of the same stores, whose discounted merchandise is regulated to prevent unfair competition, so they can often end up with the same clothes and products. male brats were, at one time, likely to get the same "military haircut" at the base barbershop, but this has changed over time. to a child growing up on a military base, in a homogeneous culture, the individuality
king (19 february 1899–24 january 1919), military cross, distinguished flying cross, french croix de guerre was a world war i fighter ace credited with 22 aerial victories. cecil frederick king was born to frederick hamilton king and norah carter king at seven oaks, kent, england, the third of their four children. he attended verites, charterhouse school, and became a member of the officers training corps there in 1912. at the beginning of world war i, he was living in chelm
he joined the essex regiment officers training corps as a private. he broke an arm in april 1915, which slowed his training.
was not operational until 28 november. the estuary of the schelde river (also called scheldt) that controlled access to the port had to be cleared of both german troops and naval mines. the limitations led to differences between general eisenhower and field marshal bernard montgomery, commander of the anglo-canadian 21st army group, over whether montgomery or lieutenant general omar bradley,
german forces remained in control of several major ports on the english channel coast until may 1945. the allies' efforts to destroy the french railway system prior to d-day, successful in hampering german response to the invasion, proved equally restrictive to the allies.
this hid a more gruesome point: the last stage of a multi-staged hydrogen bomb often used the neutrons produced by the fusion reactions to induce fissioning in a jacket of natural uranium, and provided around half of the yield of the device itself. this fission stage made fusion weapons considerably more dirty than they
soviet union tested its first megaton device in 1955, the possibility of a limited nuclear war seemed even more remote in the public and political mind. even cities and countries that were not direct targets would suffer fallout contamination. extremely harmful fission products would disperse via normal weather patterns and embed in soil and water around the
in the center, the town of st. vith, a vital road junction, presented the main challenge for both von manteuffel's and dietrich's forces.
by the 7th armored division, included the remaining regiment of the 106th u.s. infantry division, with elements of the 9th armored division and 28th u.s. infantry division. these units, which operated under the command of generals robert w. hasbrouck (7th armored) and alan w. jones (106th infantry), successfully resisted the german attacks, significantly slowing the german advance. at montgomery's orders, st.
joshua b. plotkin is a computational and evolutionary biology ecologist, mathematician, and professor of biology at the university of pennsylvania. plotkin's research includes the study of the evolution of adaptation in populations, virus ecology, genetic drift, protein translation, and social norms.
he serves on the editorial boards for science magazine and cell reports.
students and teachers often interact in a more social manner with one another.
camaraderie with the faculty can be an unexpected obstacle for many highly mobile families. military brats have lower delinquency rates, higher achievement scores on standardized tests, and higher median iqs than their civilian counterparts. they are more likely to have a college degree (60% v 24%) and possess an advanced degree (29.1% v 5%). while these rates are higher than the general u.s. population, they are lower than those of other non-brat third culture kids (84–90% college degree
many counties in south asia have a uneven child sex ratio. a large city in india, jhajjar had almost 15,000 more baby boys than baby girls, that is 128 boys per 100 girls.
number of males born surpassed the number of females born in england after world war i. for every 100 girls born, there were two more boys born in the uk. it was believed the men were producing baby boys to replace the men lost during battle. others believed it was genetics, if the males had a family of many brothers it was likely for them to produce more sons than daughters. many more boys were born in
"military brat" and various "brat" derivatives describe the child of a parent or parents serving full-time in the united states armed forces and can also refer to the subculture and lifestyle of such families. the term refers to both current and former children of such families.
arily transferred to new non-combat assignments; consequently, many military brats never have a home town. war-related family stresses are also a commonly occurring part of military brat life. there are also other aspects of military brat life that are significantly different in comparison to the civilian american population, often including living in foreign countries and or diverse regions within
the federal government and all ten provinces participated in the appeals.
court was unanimous in its affirmative answer to the first question of the manitoba and newfoundland references (and the first question asked by quebec, which the court took to be equivalent): the proposed changes to the constitution would indeed affect the "powers, rights, or privileges" of the provinces. the court combined the remaining questions into two major issues and addressed those issues in two different rulings. the first ruling dealt with the question of legality: did the federal government have the legal authority to unilaterally seek an amendment to the constitution, without the consent of the
explosion yielded energy equivalent to 10.4 megatons of tnt — over 450 times the power of the bomb dropped onto nagasaki — and obliterated elugelab, leaving an underwater crater 6240 ft (1.9 km) wide and 164 ft (50 m) deep where the island had once been.
but on january 7,1953, truman announced the development of the hydrogen bomb to the world as hints and speculations of it were already beginning to emerge in the press. not to be outdone, the soviet union exploded its first thermonuclear device, designed by the physicist andrei sakhar
marc brys (born 10 may 1962) is a former belgian football player and current manager. he is currently the manager of kfco beerschot wilrijk in the belgian first division b, previously managing kv mechelen, among others.
playing directly two times champion in d4 and d3 with the belgium team berchem sport. after this success, marc brys took over the first division club germinal beerschot. in the first year with the smallest budget of the competition, he finished 7th in the ranking, although 75% of the coaches prognosticated that they would go out
d. sc. honoraris causa after the lecture.
usa. he has been profiled in ebony magazine’s edition of october 2006 and chemical engineering progress magazine’s edition of october 2008, march 2009 and march 2015. he served on the visiting committee in chemical engineering at the massachusetts institute of technology from 1988–1992. he has also published four books: fiber optics engineering in 1987, superconductor engineering in 1992 his autobiography the right stuff comes in black, too in 2013 and nanotechnology commercialization in 2017. in the first quarter of 2015, the government of the state of georgia in the usa passed
york city mayor michael bloomberg announced that wierson was returning to the private sector. since then, wierson has been credited as a major force behind the creation of the first private television station in angola, tv zimbo, and the establishment of luanda fashion center, the largest department store in angola. wierson is a regular columnist for cnn. com, cnbc,
it has been widely reported in major brazilian media outlets that a marketing and political consulting firm closely associated with arick wierson is working to elect brazilian businessman-turned candidate presidential candidate joao dionisio amoedo and the new party (brazil).
n (born march 12,1962, evanston, illinois) is an american former politician of the democratic party, who served as the attorney general of ohio from 2007 until his resignation on may 14,2008. dann earned a b.a. in 1984 from the university of michigan and a law degree in 1987 from case western reserve university. he practiced law in youngstown, ohio, and became active in democratic party politics. he was reprimanded in 2004 by the ohio supreme court for handling a 2002
dann ran for the ohio state senate in the district then comprising trumbull and geauga counties.
indigenous guarani people have largely been assimilated into modern society and their belief system altered or replaced by christianity (due in large part to the work of jesuit missionaries in the 16th century), several of the core beliefs are still active in many rural areas in the guarani region. as a result,
creation legends is tupa, the supreme god of all creation. with the help of the moon goddess arasy, tupa descended upon the earth in a location specified as a hill in the region of aregua, paraguay, and from that location created all that is found upon the face of the earth, including
division, reinforced by additional infantry (panzergrenadier and volksgrenadier) divisions, took the key road junction at losheimergraben just north of lanzerath and attacked the twin villages of rocherath and krinkelt. another, smaller massacre was committed in wereth, belgium, approximately 6.5 miles (10.5 km) northeast of saint-vith on 17 december 1944. eleven black american soldiers were tortured after surrendering and then shot by men of the 1st
the perpetrators were never punished for this crime and recent research indicates that men from third company of the reconnaissance battalion were responsible.
recruited wierson to aid him in his first bid to become the 108th mayor of new york city. during the campaign, wierson oversaw field operations which combined traditional electioneering and voter profiling databases, which political analysts point to as the campaign that ushered in a new era technically sophisticated, statistical, voter profiling
gist bill hillsman, who has asked wierson to lecture in his courses at the john f. kennedy school of government at harvard university on several occasions. in june 2010, brazilian vice presidential candidate and federal deputy antonio pedro de siqueira indio da costa (democrats) invited wierson to advise him and
member of the florida house of representatives, representing the 98th district, which includes parts of davie, plantation, and sunrise in southern broward county, since 2012. edwards-walpole was born in fort lauderdale into a political family, as her father, bruce edwards, served as a plantation city councilman, and her uncle,
she attended clemson university, from which she received a degree in agricultural and applied economics in 2002. after graduation, edwards-walpole served as the executive director of the miami-dade county farm bureau, which "brought her to tallahassee on numerous occasions to lobby on agricultural issues."
, because, unlike mike, the soviet device was a deliverable weapon, which the u.s. did not yet have. this first device though was arguably not a true hydrogen bomb, and could only reach explosive yields in the hundreds of kilotons (never reaching the megaton range of a staged weapon). still, it was a powerful propaganda tool for the soviet union, and the technical differences were fairly oblique to the american public
following the mike blast by less than a year, joe-4 seemed to validate claims that the bombs were inevitable and vindicate those who had supported the development of the fusion program.
dimitri tyomkin (born march 25,1977) is a canadian chess grandmaster (2001). in 1997 he won the israeli junior championship and the european junior chess championship in tallinn.
puskasing and tied for 3rd – 6th with igor zugic, mark bluvshtein and tomas krnan in the canadian chess championship in toronto. he played for canada in the chess olympiad of 2004. dimitri tyomkin vs m hidalgo, xv carlos torre 2002, sicilian defense: old sicilian. general (b30), 1-0 dimitri tyomkin vs semen i dvoirys, beer shiva rapid 2004
on the assumption that the average annual operating cost of an entertainment cable channel is $ 280 million, which would require at least 165,000 viewers to break even. based on 2012 viewership, that would leave about 56 channels standing. analyst laura martin recommended that the current business model of bundled tiered subscriptions be kept with no changes. in a may 2014 new york times column, josh barro pointed to academic research concluding that an a la carte system would not benefit customers
a typical subscriber, he wrote, would pay "slightly more on cable under an unbundled system, while watching slightly fewer channels."
in a television advertisement, the montgomery campaign attacked dann for the above-mentioned 2004 reprimand and for defending a man convicted of showing nude pictures to children.
attack by saying he was simply doing his job as an attorney. dann received 2.04 million votes to 1.83 million for montgomery, a margin of 52% to 48%. he ran up huge margins in traditionally republican areas and also won bellwether counties such as franklin and stark. before her defeat by dann, montgomery had never lost a statewide election and had been the top republican vote-getter in the previous two non-presidential statewide
after 12 noon, on-tv now made up the rest of the broadcast day.
at that point went 24 hours a day. there was a short time in january 1983 when wbti extended some afternoon programming from noon to 2 p.m. running the hour-long edition of the 700 club and some other religious shows but that was short lived, when on-tv began broadcasting close to 22 hours per day by march of that year. at that point wbti only carried the 90-minute edition of the 700 club weekdays and on-tv the rest of the day and weekends except for a few hours sunday morning for religious
11,609. total casualties included at least 9,000 wounded. first, third, and seventh armies suffered a total of 17,000 hospitalized from the cold. while the german offensive had ground to a halt during january 1945, they still controlled a dangerous salient in the allied line. patton's third army in the south, centered around bastogne, would attack north, montgomery's forces in the north would strike south, and the two forces
the temperature during that january was extremely low, which required weapons to be maintained and truck engines run every half-hour to prevent their oil from congealing.
harder for teachers and health care professionals to identify and address war-deployment-related child, adolescent or family problems, unless they are specifically screened for. although the family may not be as fully immersed in military culture, individual reservist parents may still effect varying degrees of militarization of the family social environment
- longer active duty veterans may also experience a number of these issues. the effect of having a parent killed during military operations has not been specifically studied. limited studies on children who have lost a parent show that 10–15% experience depression and a few develop childhood traumatic grief (the inability to recall any positive memories
30 and 34, and iverson road are the main routes in the community. as of the census of 2010, there were 98 people, 46 households, and 26 families residing in the city. the population density was 26.8 inhabitants per square mile (10.3 / km²). there were 55 housing units at an average density of 15.1 per square mile (5.8 /
the racial makeup of the city was 96.9% white, 2.0% native american, and 1.0% from two or more races. hispanic or latino of any race were 1.0% of the population.
sebastiano baggio (16 may 1913–22 march 1993) was an italian cardinal, a candidate for pope and the president of the pontifical commission for vatican city state in 1984 and the prefect of the sacred congregation for bishops in 1978. when he died at the age of 79 he was the camerlengo of the holy roman church, and a sub dean of the college of cardinals. born in rosa, veneto, sebastiano was ordained a priest on 21 december 1935, at the age of 22, in vicenza
he was a priest for 57 years, a bishop for 39 years and a cardinal for 23 years.
during this time he was promoted to staff sergeant and offered a candidacy at an officer training school.
. they were married on february 7,1953. ten months after the birth of their first daughter, she suddenly died of cot death. during this time mitchell was unemployed. jobs were scarce and unemployment was widespread. this was the turning point in his life. george mitchell, wayman's brother had been converted at a foursquare church and invited the grieving couple to a church meeting. they both responded to an altar call and became born again christians in 1954. the mitchells lived in los angeles while he attended l.
the only opening is a low door on the south side. the cabin was stabilized in 1958 by sierra club volunteers. it is one of the few structures left in the park that remain from the pre-park era.
the cabin was listed on the national register of historic places on june 4,1979.
by 2018, it offered 140 different services, including cbs all access, showtime, and starz.
despite having used the term "a la carte" in promotion, sling tv is not a true a la carte television service, as it is still distributed in bundles, customers cannot pick and choose individual channels to include in their service or swap them out for different ones individually, and some packages are only available on specific service tiers. the service cited the practice of mandatory bundling by broadcasters as an influence on this policy.
of this happening 70 years after it had been launched. lumby has a humid continental climate with hot summers days and cool nights. spring and fall are the driest seasons, and summer and winter are the wettest seasons. fog often sets in during the winter, and can last for days at a time.
and cooler than vernon, but is still dry enough to contain natural grasslands, especially on south facing slopes. during the summer months, lumby has one of the highest diurnal temperature variations in canada. the daily temperature swing of 20.1 °c (36.2 °f) in august is only exceeded
tim spanton is an award-winning uk journalist and amateur international chess player.
er's college, petersfield, hampshire, guildford college, surrey, and highbury college, portsmouth. he passed a one-year pre-entry journalism course at highbury college, portsmouth, before completing his indentures on the sharman newspaper group's ely standard and cambridgeshire times. he worked on the doncaster evening post and the news, portsmouth, before joining the news of the world in 1987. in april 1990 he launched the captain cash page (later called william wallets in scotland), which set a world record for a
a constitutional requirement that the agreement of the provinces be obtained in order to amend the constitution in a way that would affect the the court ruled that the federal government could act unilaterally. newfoundland raised the same questions as manitoba, and added a fourth: could the terms of union between newfoundland and canada be amended " directly or indirectly... without the consent of the government, legislature or a majority of the people in the province of
the court ruled that the federal government could not act unilaterally. the parties then appealed from the three provincial courts of appeal to the supreme court, which heard the three appeals together.
joined the sun where he has become well known for his stunts. in 2002 spanton was in charge of launching the sun's first page 3 idol contest. female readers were invited to send in topless photographs of themselves. one overall winner each year wins a contract to appear topless on the sun's page 3. in 2005 spanton walked from hyde park, london, to edinburgh, covering 449 miles in 21 days
the walk was recognised by live 8 organiser bob geldof who flew in a helicopter to meet spanton when the journalist reached south clifton, notts, on day seven of his walk.
in the summer months, the st. dunstan's theatre guild performs in the outdoor greek theatre adjacent to the cranbrook house. the theatre was restored in 1990-91.
the national register of historic places in 1973, and were further designated a national historic landmark in 1989, cited as being "one of the most important groups of educational and architectural structures in america". the contributing buildings are: brookside school cranbrook buildings & grounds offices christ church, cranbrook cranbrook academy of art cranbrook foundation office cranbrook house £ gardens cranbrook institute of science cranbrook school cr
at a time when paris is emptying for the summer. another friend invites delphine to join a beach party for the weekend, but she finds that she's the only one amongst the group who is single so she quickly returns to paris. her family pressures her to spend the holidays with them in ireland, but
is put off by hordes of vacationers and turns around. traveling restlessly, the theme of the movie (characterized by roger ebert) becomes clear: delphine “ is incapable of playing the dumb singles games that lead to one-night stands. ” she meets a new girlfriend, who flirts with two
a sixth-class share was worth 3s 9¾d. a first-class share was worth £437 8s 5½d; a sixth-class share was worth £3 7s 11½d. a first-class share of the proceeds of 121 chests and 160 boxes of tea was worth £58 8s 8d; a sixth-class share was worth £1 7s 10d. a first-class share of the dollars was worth £495 16s 10d;
a sixth-class share was worth £12 11s 0d. citations winfield (2008), pp. 293-4.
the women's handball tournament at the 2012 olympic games in london was held from 28 july to 11 august. the preliminaries and quarter-finals were held at the copper box and the semi-finals and final took place at the basketball arena. twelve nations were represented in the tournament. the four best teams from each group advanced to a knockout round, while the 5th and 6th teams in each group were classified 9th – 12th by the results of their group matches. unlike in previous olympics, there was no placement matches involving the losing teams of the quarterfinals
norway won the tournament and gold medal, beating montenegro in the final.
the encirclement and destruction of multiple soviet armies, as in 1941, would still have left the soviets with a numerical superiority. hitler's plan called for a classic blitzkrieg attack through the weakly defended ardennes, mirroring the successful german offensive there during the battle of france in 1940 — aimed at splitting the armies along the u.s. — british lines and capturing antwerp
the plan banked on unfavorable weather, including heavy fog and low-lying clouds, which would minimize the allied air advantage. hitler originally set the offensive for late november, before the anticipated start of the russian winter offensive.
untitled (stylized as untitled) is the debut ep by los angeles, california rapper hodgy beats, member of hip-hop collective odd future.
24,2012. it is hodgy beats' first solo release since his 2009 debut mixtape, the dena tape. announced on february 20,2012, the ep was released on the 25th of the same month. the project features production by juicy j, the alchemist and flying lotus. lyrically the record deals with thoughts about self-reflection, the contemplation of death, and a struggle with drugs. the ep received mostly positive reviews from music critics.
pentanodes albofasciatus is a species of beetle in the family cerambycidae.
it was described by fisher in 1932.
he also supplied the voice of kobalt in the 1996 animated series of flash gordon and bo and wimzie's father rousso in the children's television series wimzie's house. benskin is a
elected office, benskin served two mandates as national vice-president of for actra, canada's national film and television actors' union, and served as artistic director of the black theatre workshop, canada's oldest black theatre company. on 30 january 2011, benskin was announced as the federal new democratic party candidate in the montreal-area riding of jeanne-le ber in the
nordkalotten 365 was a popular eight episode tv series starring lars monsen as he travels across the cap of the north for 365 days.
it was broadcast by norwegian broadcasting corporation with high ratings. the broadcaster has made high-quality series episodes available for internet users to download via bittorrent with no digital restrictions.
and the second quatrain (line 9) has the stock phrase, also found in sir patrick spens (s: sir patrick spens), "then up and spoke the [colonel's son] that led a [troop of the guides]", with a traditional driving rhythm.
throughout the poem: there is a couplet that is repeated with slight variations several times: there is rock to the left, and rock to the right, and low lean thorn between and ye may hear a breech-bolt snick where never a man is seen. (ll 19-20; cf. 35-6
in 2008, wierson led nyc tv's digital media group to its first-ever webby nominations. at nyc media group (since rebranded as nyc media), wierson was vocal critic of traditional public broadcasting for second-tier stations in heavily saturated markets like new york city.
s long-held pbs status, enabling nyc tv's original shows to take over prime-time " it was smart not to be the 'fifth channel,' said dalton delan, executive vice president of weta in washington and producer of the pbs news hour. you don't want to be the triple-a team. you
he is seen with multiple hairstyles, in several shades, such as pink, orange, neon yellow and a multicoloured "cotton candy" hair.
the video "kaleidoscopic" with "head-turning" features and "larger-than-life outfits". e. alex jung from vulture. com felt that the music video was "full of jokes", with "nods to korea's burgeoning fast fashion industry", in the opening with "a popping pink wonder woman robe before moving to jackets in holographic gold" to " thom browne's 2012 fall collection with its fun
1954, dr halit cingillioglu is married and has two children. the cingillioglu family is one of the most prominent and best known families in turkey; its roots originate from kayseri, a central anatolian town that is well known for its successful entrepreneurs in industrial and
glu family is one of them with their companies originating from the early 1900s. the family established the first private electricity distribution business in turkey (still owned by the family). the cingillioglu family has companies in different sectors including energy production, distribution, banking, insurance, leasing, factoring
of cincinnati is bordered by the diocese of toledo to the north, the diocese of columbus to the east, the diocese of covington to the south, and the archdiocese of indianapolis and diocese of lafayette to the west. pope pius vii erected the diocese of cincinnati on 19 june 1821, in territory taken from the diocese of
the time, there was an unwritten prohibition against construction of catholic churches in cincinnati. the first church was therefore constructed just beyond the city boundaries. the diocese lost territory on 8 march 1833, when pope gregory xvi erected the diocese of detroit and again on 23 april 1847, when pope pius ix erected the diocese of
trevor billingham bem (22 december 1935–28 january 2005) was an australian athletics administrator and the founder of little athletics. billingham also carried the olympic flame in the 1956 olympics and in the 2000 olympics. billingham was awarded the british empire medal in 1972 for services to sport.
was the founding secretary of the geelong regional centre of the victorian amateur athletic association (vaaa) from december 1962 until 1968. he then served a term as centre president in 1968-69, before moving his administrative talents to the corio venue, where he served as president until he retired in 1974 to take on the position of vaaa
aquafadas, a company working on creative software for flash, html5, photo, and video editing, created the application mycomics to allow the reading of comics on mobile in 2006. this application was made available in 2008, to enable the reading and storing of comics on iphone and ipod touch.
reading system adapted to low resolution screens was also available. in october of the same year, the company launched a comics library on both devices, in partnership with the angouleme international comics festival, fnac and sncf. this library included the official selection of the festival, and was downloaded over 150 000 times
was succeeded by prof. evgenij ignatovich palchevskij, md, who led the institute from 1957 to 1960. palchevskij was a second world war veteran who was a graduate of kiev medical institute, later renamed the bogomolets national medical university. under his leadership, the academic staff and students of the institute were first organized as an academic council and a student society
associate prof. fedir dmitrovich povelitsya, phd, who led the institute from 1960 to 1963, was a graduate of the kharkiv national medical university and had also fought in world war ii.
commented that while the record "probably won’t set the world alight", he called it an " accomplished project, resonating with crackly stoner soul and genuinely thoughtful lyrics – and a reminder that far from the teenage tumblr caricature, odd future are still making some of the most
probably the best set of tracks the odd future camp has squeezed out since, like, goblin. " sputnikmusic's sobhi youssef stated that hodgy had matured as a performer, improving both his flow and beat selection, though noted that the ep offered very little replay value,
the folk religions play the most important role, especially totemism and the worship of the immortal thunder. the culture of chu and han dynasty, taoism culture, buddhist culture and geomancy also contribute to the rich historic meanings of stone dogs.
in the world. the worship of the immortal thunder became a regional origin of the superstition of stone dogs in leizhou. li, lao, yao, tong, miao, and lin peoples all inhabited leizhou peninsula at the very beginning. those peoples had their own totems, such as lin worships the raccoon dog and miao regarded cats as
against nadal, 4 against federer, and 5 against djokovic. murray's 11 grand slam singles finals is the ninth best total of the open era. he is in the top 10 for most match wins at 3 of the 4 grand slams (6th at the australian open with 45 wins, 7th at wimbledon with 53 wins, and 10th at the us open with 44 wins). in masters 1000 events
lastly, by winning his 42nd tour title in vienna in 2016, he moved into sole possession of 15th place on the open era titles list, breaking the tie he had with former world no. 1 stefan edberg.
creeks greatly depends on the season; in fact, flows in these creeks typically drop dramatically during the dry summer season. riparian woodland vegetation is located carbonera creek and its tributaries. the 1990 earth metrics eir identifies broadleaf deciduous trees as dominating this habitat and are able to survive because of the year-round
ia californica), boxelder (acer negundo), california sycamore (platanus racemosa), black cottonwood (populus trichocarpa), bigleaf maple (acer macrophyllum), white alder (alnus rhombi
mohamed mohamud "hared" (somali: cali maxamed maxamuud, arabic: علي محمد محمود) is a somali politician. he previously served as minister of tourism and wildlife of somalia under abdullahi on 9 august 2014, mohamud was appointed minister of health by prime minister abdiweli sheikh ahmed
he replaced ahmed mohamed mohamud at the position. mohamud's term as minister of health ended on 12 january 2015, when new prime minister omar abdirashid ali sharmarke appointed said hussein iid as his successor.
bombings of hiroshima and nagasaki and the end of world war ii quickly followed the 1945 trinity nuclear test, and the little boy device was detonated over the japanese city of hiroshima on 6 august 1945. exploding with a yield equivalent to 12,500 tonnes of tnt, the blast and thermal wave of the bomb destroyed nearly 50,000 buildings and killed approximately 75,000
subsequently, the world’s nuclear weapons stockpiles grew. operation crossroads was a series of nuclear weapon tests conducted by the united states at bikini atoll in the pacific ocean in the summer of 1946. its purpose was to test the effect of nuclear weapons on naval ships.
the north american yf-93 was an american fighter development of the f-86 sabre that emerged as a radically different variant that received its own designation. two were built and flown before the project was eventually canceled.
a design study, na-157, to create a true "penetration fighter" to meet the requirements of a long-range version of its f-86a sabre. in order to accommodate more fuel, a much larger f-86a was envisioned, eventually able to carry 1,961 us gallons (7,420 l), both internally and with two 200-us-gallon (760 l)
quality, patient-centered care through advocacy, education, strategic research, and practice standards. membership is open to physicians, researchers and other health care professionals who specialize in the study, diagnosis and treatment of disorders of sleep and daytime alertness, including some who are not americans. the latest findings in sleep medicine are published in the official peer-reviewed journal of the aasm: the journal of clinical sleep medicine (jcsm) is the official publication of the aasm,
published monthly, jcsm includes original clinical research, clinical reviews, case studies and opinion pieces from prominent sleep researchers on circadian rhythms and sleep science.
to acquire first strike capability, which must always be avoided. in american politics this translated into demands to avoid "bomber gaps" and "missile gaps" where the soviet union could potentially outshoot the americans. it also encouraged the production of thousands of nuclear weapons by both the u.s. and the ussr, far
the 1964 stanley kubrick film dr. strangelove, in which the soviets, unable to keep up with the us's first strike capability, instead plan for mad by building a doomsday machine, and thus, after a (literally) mad us general orders a nuclear attack on the ussr, the
there are two federally listed endangered species of insects within this sparse forest.
aquatic species include steelhead (oncorhynchus mykiss irideus, formerly salmo gairdneri) (coastal rainbow trout) and chinook salmon (oncorhynchus tshawytscha), which migrate up the san lorenzo river and its tributaries, including carbonera creek. for instance, these migratory fish species spawn in carbonera creek gravels downstream of the santa's village area.
in 1997, he founded the record label antenna music, then known as toy music.
in july 1999, you published a book of illustrations titled in front of a familiar house. the album of the same title contained instrumental tracks in a range of genres. besides songwriting, you has worked as a radio dj, appearing on mbc fm4u's yoo hee-yeol's music city (1999 – march 2001), mbc fm4u's all that music (october 2,2002 – april 25,2004), and kbs 2fm's you hee-yeol's radio heaven (2008 –
a director of shinkolobwe mine in the congo which produced by far the highest quality uranium ore in the world, had become aware of uranium's possible use in a bomb. in late 1940, fearing that it might be seized by the germans, he shipped the mine's entire stockpile of ore to a warehouse
for 18 months british research outpaced the american but by mid-1942, it became apparent that the industrial effort required was beyond britain's already stretched wartime economy. in september 1942, general leslie groves was appointed to lead the u.s. project which became known as the manhattan project.
goldsboro, north carolina (1961); off the coast of okinawa (1965);
(1966) (see 1966 palomares b-52 crash); and near thule, greenland (1968) (see 1968 thule air base b-52 crash). most of the lost weapons were recovered, the spanish device after three months' effort by the dsv alvin and dsv aluminaut. the soviet union was less forthcoming about such incidents, but the environmental group greenpeace believes that there are around forty non-u.s. nuclear devices that have been lost and not recovered, compared to eleven
battalion commander maj. hal mccown. peiper learned that his reinforcements had been directed to gather in la gleize to his east, and he withdrew, leaving wounded americans and germans in the froidcourt castle. as he withdrew from cheneux, american paratroopers from the 82nd airborne division engaged the
per on 22 december, and although the germans had run out of food and had virtually no fuel, they continued to fight. a luftwaffe resupply mission went badly when ss-brigadefuhrer wilhelm mohnke insisted the grid coordinates supplied by peiper were wrong, parachuting supplies into american hands in
the offensive went forward regardless. eisenhower wanted montgomery to go on the counter offensive on 1 january, with the aim of meeting up with patton's advancing third army and cutting off most of the attacking germans, trapping them in a pocket.
prepared infantry in a snowstorm for a strategically unimportant area, did not launch the attack until 3 january, by which time substantial numbers of german troops had already managed to fall back successfully, but at the cost of losing most of their heavy equipment. at the start of the offensive, the first and third u.s. armies were separated by about 40 km (25
he played little part in public affairs thereafter.
he had eight children: charles blount (bur. 23 april 1631) lady henrietta maria blount (bapt. 16 september 1632 – bur. 1 april 1634) charles blount, lord blount (bapt. 10 january 1634), died young lady isabella blount, married nicholas knollys and had issue lady anne blount (1637 –?), married maj. thomas porter and had issue mountjoy blount, 2nd earl of newport (bur. 20 march 1675), called by some sources
hat na tai (thai: [UNK]) is a 10km stretch of beach in phang nga province, located between khao lak and north of phuket island.
it is only 27 km from the phuket airport (about 25 minutes drive). the beach adjoins the andaman sea and is relatively quiet and unknown. hat na tai, also referred to by locals as hat pilai, is close to the nearby town of kok kloi which retains its traditional thai culture. the main coastal road running along hat na tai is road no. 3006
schools) which has 30 schools in spain and has influenced 68 other agricultural schools in other parts of the world, including 14 in peru, 9 in argentina and 6 in the philippines. the escuelas familiares agrarias was founded by felipe gonzalez de canales together with jose herreros. gonzalez is also
the red estatal de desarollo rural (statewide network for rural development) or reder. he is also the founder of the farmers trade union jovenes agricultores (young farmers) and of the union sindical obrera (workers trade union), with jose luis fernandez santilla
in a personal conversation on 13 december between walter model and friedrich von der heydte, who was put in charge of operation stosser, von der heydte gave operation stosser less than a 10% chance of succeeding.
model told him it was necessary to make the attempt: "it must be done because this offensive is the last chance to conclude the war favorably." on 16 december 1944 at 05:30, the germans began the assault with a massive, 90-minute artillery barrage using 1,600 artillery pieces across a 130-kilometre (80 mi) front on the allied troops facing the 6th panzer
in june 2017, refash launched its online site at refash. sg where sellers self-list their clothing. refash is a platform for women to sell and buy preloved items, ranging from fast fashion clothing to designer handbags.
brands include fast fashion brands like zara, topshop, forever 21, h & m, and local brands like ohvola, mds and love, bonito. refash handles all buyer enquiries, packaging, shipping, payments and returns on behalf of sellers, and provides image enhancement services for its online self-listing platform.
major move of symbolic de-escalation, boris yeltsin, on january 26,1992, announced that russia planned to stop targeting united states cities with nuclear weapons. the designing, testing, producing, deploying, and defending against nuclear weapons is one of the largest expenditures for the nations which possess nuclear weapons
one quarter to one third of all military spending since world war ii [was] devoted to nuclear weapons and their infrastructure. " according to a retrospective brookings institution study published in 1998 by the nuclear weapons cost study committee (formed in 1993 by the w. alton jones foundation), the total expenditures for u.
planning for the "watch on the rhine" offensive emphasized secrecy and the commitment of overwhelming force. due to the use of landline communications within germany, motorized runners carrying orders, and draconian threats from hitler, the timing and mass of the attack was not detected by ultra codebreakers and achieved complete surprise.
felt that the implementation of this decisive blow should be entrusted to his own nazi party army, the waffen-ss. ever since german regular army officers attempted to assassinate him, he had increasingly trusted only the ss and its armed branch, the waffen-ss. after the invasion of normandy, the ss armored units
son is a village in the dutch province of north brabant, in the municipality of son en breugel.
the nearest major city is eindhoven. during world war ii, it was the site of a bridge, the capture of which was crucial to the success of operation market garden in september 1944. the bridge itself was featured in the 1977 war film a bridge too far.
this is also called the science fiction cosmology, identified by donald a. wollheim in the 1950s.
empire, only one intelligent nonhuman race is found; it leaves the galaxy in "blind alley") the galactic empire at its height, with exploration occurring at its rim the decline and fall of the galactic empire, as explored by asimov and later other authors the galactic dark ages, an interregnum with worlds reverting to barbarism, as also partially explored by asimov the galactic renaissance, where a new democratic galactic civilization arises, including the restoration of civilization to and communication with worlds
a 2013 pew study on home broadband adoption found that 70% of consumers have a high-speed broadband connection.
a third of consumers reported a "wireless" high-speed connection, but the report authors suspect that many of these consumers have mistakenly reported wireless connections to a wired dsl or cable connection. another pew research center survey, results of which were published on february 27,2014, revealed 68% of american adults connect to the internet with mobile devices like smartphones or tablet computers. the report also put internet usage by american adults as high as 87%, while young adults aged between 18 and 29 were at 97%.
many tens of thousands would later die of radiation sickness and related cancers.
rain of ruin " if japan did not surrender immediately, threatening to systematically eliminate their ability to wage war. on august 15, emperor hirohito announced japan's surrender. the soviet union was not invited to share in the new weapons developed by the united states and the other allies. during the war, information had been pouring in from a number of volunteer spies involved with the manhattan project (known in soviet cables under the code-name of enormoz), and the soviet nuclear physicist igor kurchatov was carefully watching the allied weapons
wstr-tv, virtual channel 64 (uhf digital channel 33), is a mynetworktv-affiliated television station licensed to cincinnati, ohio, united states.
station is owned by deerfield media; the sinclair broadcast group, which owns cbs affiliate wkrc-tv (channel 12), operates wstr under a local marketing agreement (lma). the two stations share studios on highland avenue in the mount auburn section of cincinnati; wstr's transmitter, star tower, is located in the city's college hill neighborhood. on cable, the station is available on channel 11 on most
grenadier regiment from the 15th panzergrenadier division on christmas eve for its main assault the next day. because it lacked sufficient troops and those of the 26th vg division were near exhaustion, the xlvii panzerkorps concentrated its assault on several individual locations on the west side of the perimeter in sequence
, despite initial success by its tanks in penetrating the american line, was defeated and all the tanks destroyed. on the following day of 26 december the spearhead of gen. patton's 4th armored division, supplemented by the 26th (yankee) infantry division, broke through and opened a corridor to bastogne.
timothy john rogerson wood (born 13 he was the conservative party member of parliament (mp) for stevenage, which he won at the 1983 general election. while in parliament, wood served as a parliamentary private secretary to ministers in the ministry of defence and northern ireland office. following the 1992 general election, wood became a government whip.
at the 1997 general election a swing of 13.9% from the conservatives to labour saw wood defeated by labour party candidate barbara follett by 11,582 votes. on 3 may 2007, wood was elected to east devon district council to represent exmouth littleham ward.
you hee-yeol (hangul: 유희열; hanja: [UNK] [UNK] [UNK]; born april 19,1971) is a south korean singer-songwriter, radio dj, and the host of you hee-yeol's sketchbook.
sole member of the project band toy. you hee-yeol was born in seoul and attended kyungbock high school. he graduated from seoul national university's college of music with a major in composition. he first appeared in the local pop music scene by winning the grand prize at the fourth you jae-ha music contest held in 1992 with the
a design change for the telstra premiership logo (after months of off-season deliberation on whether telstra would sponsor the code again), the commercial was a fast-paced action clip, with key players from all teams superimposed to appear as if they are playing in front the famous landmarks of their team's area. they are as follows: brisbane broncos-darren lockyer in front of the story bridge. bulldogs-andrew ryan and luke patten in sydney olympic park. canberra raiders-phil graham in front of parliament
cronulla-sutherland sharks-on the steps of north cronulla beach.
a british bomb was essential. because of british involvement in the manhattan project, britain had extensive knowledge in some areas, but not in others. an improved version of 'fat man' was developed, and on 26 february 1952, prime minister winston churchill announced that the united kingdom also had an atomic bomb and a successful test took place on 3 october 1952. at first
a vickers valiant dropped the first uk nuclear weapon on 11 october 1956 at maralinga, south australia. later came a missile, blue steel, intended for carriage by the v force bombers, and then the blue streak medium-range ballistic missile (later canceled).
will be able to articulate many reasons why "their" branch of the service is the best. these biases are maintained well past the time they cease to be military dependents. when brats grow up, these boundaries are replaced by a shared identity based upon that of being a military brat. while a class hierarchy is reflected in stratified housing structures, military classism differs from traditional class structures in some significant ways-namely, schooling and access to quality
children of military personnel attend the same base schools regardless of rank, creating peer cultures that are usually not class-based, and providing equal access to educational resources.
book, was re-sited here in 1688 by major mid-south surrey landowner and writer john evelyn, rebuilt in 1872/3, using some old materials following a new design by alfred waterhouse and it is a listed building in the initial category, grade ii. approximately a firth of the size of the mound, st james's church approximately 110 yards (100 m) east is just as with the castle of the early 12th century, according to the victoria county history but the earliest current part is its chancel rebuilt circa 1220 and north
bombed in world war ii, it was restored in 1950 by frederick etchells.
john cynn (born december 24,1984) is an american professional poker player from northbrook, illinois.
where he studied finance and supply chain management. prior to his poker career he worked as an it consultant in california. his first cash in a poker tournament came in 2010, while he first cashed in a wsop event in 2012. in 2016 he finished 11th in the main event, earning $ 650,000. he had 12 wsop cashes before the 2018 main event and three on the world poker tour, including a 10th place finish at the l.a. poker classic in 2017. at the 2018 main
, also called panamericano 2008, was the official competition for senior men's national handball teams of north, center, caribbean and south america, held from june 24 to june 28,2008 in sao carlos, brazil. it also acted as the qualifying competition for the 2009 world men's handball championship, securing three vacancies for the world championship. these places were earned by brazil, argentina and cuba. eight nations had been scheduled to play at the tournament, but dominican republic decided not to play just a few days before the tournament, so group b had only three participating
all times are (utc-3)
ri testified she had never conspired with traficant. as of october 18,2006, the cafaro family had contributed $ 30,500 to dann's campaign for attorney general, in addition to the $ 26,000 they had donated to his state senate campaigns. of that money, $
his recommendation of capri cafaro by saying he believed she was the only qualified candidate to replace him. dann faced criticism from the mansfield news journal and others for telling (warren, ohio) tribune chronicle reporter steve oravecz to "go... fuck yourself" at a fundraiser for democratic presidential candidate
although no exact figures are available, the u.s. department of defense estimates that approximately 15 million americans are former or current military brats, including those who spent all or part of their childhood and / or adolescence in the lifestyle. this population includes an age range from less than 1 years old to over 90 years of age, since there have been military brats for generations. many military brats spent all of their growing up years in the active lifestyle, some for only part, although military family issues, dynamics and influences may continue
also, not all military brats grow up moving all the time, although many do.
montenegro's silver was the first olympic medal for the country as an independent nation, and the country's only medal at the 2012 games. spain won the bronze medal.
norway qualified as the 2011 world champion. before the draw the ihf seeded the teams in six pots. the draw for the groups was held on 30 may 2012. goalkeeper: kari aalvik grimsbo left wing: jo hyo-bi left back: bojana popovic central back: marta mangue right back: katarina bulatovic right wing: alexandra do nascimento line player: heidi løke chosen by team
described as affable and smiling, he helped many charitable works.
after a diplomatic career that included assignments in chile, canada and brazil, he was elevated to cardinal in 1969 by pope paul vi and named archbishop of cagliari, sardinia. cardinal baggio died in 1993 at rome.
a total of over 3 million spectators attend regular season matches for only the second time in history. the brisbane broncos recorded their biggest win in the club's history (65 points) with a 71-6 win over the newcastle knights at suncorp stadium in round 11. it's also the newcastle knights biggest ever
ball in 2007, more than any other forward in history. the national rugby league kept use of the hoodoo gurus' "that's my team" for a fifth consecutive season, with their advertising agency mjw hakuhodo reworking the track "what's my scene" and the
duo announced they were separating. since then, they have gone on with their careers separately. although not really in a tiraera war, their friendship remained tense for a time though both have publicly reconciled in present time. the singers are now known as hector el father and tito el bambino would go on to be two of the most successful solo acts in latin music history. hector el father retired in 2008 to become an evangelical pastor in puerto rico, while tito el bambino remains active in the music industry.
efrain fines (tito) and hector delgado were born in 1981 and 1979 respectively in carolina, puerto rico.
the phrase "battle of the bulge" was coined by contemporary press to describe the bulge in german front lines on wartime news maps, and it became the most widely used name for the battle.
with minimal radio traffic and movements of troops and equipment under cover of darkness. intercepted german communications indicating a substantial german offensive preparation were not acted upon by the allies. the germans achieved total surprise on the morning of 16 december 1944, due to a combination of allied overconfidence, preoccupation with allied offensive plans, and poor aerial reconnaissance. the germans attacked a weakly defended section of the allied line, taking advantage of heavily over
new players replacing the ' old warhorses' were new to league and took time to bed in. the rli competition saw other teams improve ingreat strides and the exiles finished a disappointing 9th. although disappointed, there were reasons to be optimistic. the club had moved from westmanstown to terenure
donagh was now managing the teams off field activities. the core players from 2004 were still together and experience from the previous year brought the team success. new additions like steve scanlan (leeds rhinos), steve nolan, dave whelan and jimmy morrison (australia) were brought in. the wolfho
as an angel, who is able to suppress evil and gave a blessing of peace. there is a fear of thunder and storms because excessive rain will rot the rice crops. in chinese, lei means thunder, and zhou means peninsula. leizhou peninsul is abeside the qiongzhou strait, where are the active lightning
in ancient time, leizhou was a wild land that is full of brownish miasma. the local residents had to dwell in the harsh conditions. some mystic natural phenomenon is a terrible threat to their living. consequently, wherever people thought there was a demon, they placed stone dogs to help protect them;
karl-heinz 'kalli' kamp (born 26 september 1946) is a german retired football player and coach.
he spent 13 seasons in the bundesliga with sv werder bremen. as of july 2012, he works as a scout for sv werder bremen.
for males in india for quite a while, since the 1980s with thirty fewer females to males genetically, the odds of having a boy or girl is a 50/50 chance, therefore in a perfect theoretical world the child sex ratio would be split down the middle. there is a fifty percent chance of having a boy or girl due to the genetics. a women would give one of her x chromosomes, whereas the male would either give the y chromosome or the x chromosome
oddly enough the child sex ratio is not a fifty percent male and fifty percent females, in south asian countries there is a larger percentage of male children than female children.
formation; when asked about their mission, some of them claimed they had been told to go to paris to either kill or capture general dwight eisenhower. security around the general was greatly increased, and eisenhower was confined to his headquarters. because skorzeny's men were captured in american uniforms, they were executed as spies. this was the standard practice of every army at the time, as many belligerents considered
skorzeny said that he was told by german legal experts that as long he did not order his men to fight in combat while wearing american uniforms, such a tactic was a legitimate ruse of war.
1631, but the actual date is disputed. on 14 april 1635, clavell married a dublin heiress, who was noted to be younger than ten years old. clavell's records of cures from his times as a doctor are recorded in a manuscript, bodleian ms. rawl, d. 399, which dates from 1636 and places clavell in ireland around
in 1638, a lawsuit over money owed to clavell's brother-in-law robert freake places clavell back in england. the exact date of john clavell's death is unknown.
been barred on first amendment grounds, often after lengthy legal battles. however, the government has been able to exert pressure indirectly where it cannot directly censor. with the exception of child pornography, content restrictions tend to rely more on the removal of content than blocking; most often these controls rely upon the involvement of private
at the private or voluntary level. the broadband internet access providers in the united states with more than one million subscribers at the end of q2 2018 were: in 2010 four of these companies ranked among the ten largest isps in the world in terms of subscribers: comcast (4th), at & t (
these roughly carved stone dogs, which have turned grayish after a long period of rain and wind, are the gem of the peninsula's time-honored unique culture. they attract many tourists from both home and abroad.
culture belonging to the leizhou peninsula, rarely seen elsewhere china or the world. there is no distinct rule in the distribution of stone dogs. most of them are scattered in the coastal areas of the leizhou peninsula, especially in zhanjiang city, xuwen county, haikang county, lanjiang city, suixi county and many other small rural villages' entrances, corners, gates, ponds and
21 finals in his career, of which 16 were against the other members of the big four (djokovic 10, federer 5, nadal 1). the last eight out of nine finals he has lost have been to djokovic, four in grand slams and four in masters 1000 events. between august 2010 when he lost to sam querrey, and august 2016 when he lost to marin cilic in the cincinnati masters, murray's final
additionally, in all but one of murray's eleven grand slam finals, his opponent has been either djokovic (7 times) or federer (3 times).
encouraged, through regulatory incentives, programmers and distributors to offer a la carte services. he cited an fcc survey finding that the cost of expanded basic cable has effectively risen from about us $ 25 a month in 1995 to over $ 54, greatly exceeding inflation. as predicted at the time by observers and mccain himself, the
subscription tiers, less popular niche channels are more likely to survive because their cost is borne by both viewers and non-viewers, alike. in 2008, the national congress of black women and fourteen other groups argued that case in a letter to the fcc, writing that a la carte pricing would " wreak
on their way towards the kingdom of hungary with other refugees from old herzegovina and old montenegro, they stopped in podgorina, at the foot of the medvednik mountain (probably because the impassable hinterland provided security from the ottomans).
today is called the "simic peak" (симића вис). it is known that he was a buljukbasa (hajduk commander) under the famous obor-knez beneath the medvednik mountain, ilija bircanin. after the slaughter of the knezes milic kedic from suv
they are presumably dicephalic parapagus twins, as their mother made an appearance in one sketch when they sounded the word "mom"; she has a single head and speaks normally.
single pair of arms and legs. the creation of this monster was inspired by performers jerry nelson and richard hunt playing around on the set one day, saying that they were a monster with two heads. while right-handed performers use their right hands to perform the heads of characters and their left to perform left hands, whoever performs the left half of the monster performs the head with the left hand, and the right hand with their right hand.
internet usage in the united states varies widely from state to state. for example, in the u.s. overall in 2011,77.9% of the population used the internet.
between the top three states-washington (80.0%), new hampshire (79.8%) and minnesota (79.0%)-and the bottom three states-mississippi (59.0%), new mexico (60.4%) and arkansas (61.4%). according to an april 2018 article in motherboard, " in every single state, a portion of the population doesn’t have access
they therefore answered "yes" to both parts of question 2. bisson j. dissented.
ilateral changes, and therefore answered "no" to both parts of question 2. manitoba posed three questions to the manitoba court of appeal: first, would the proposed amendments to the constitution affect the "powers, rights, or privileges granted or secured... to the provinces, their legislatures or governments," and if so in what respects? second, did a constitutional convention exist in canada obliging the federal parliament to obtain the agreement of the provinces before requesting an amendment to the constitution that would affect the powers rights
before the twentieth century, however, was usually relatively few. soe instructors investigating the family background of his daughter noor considered him a "crackpot" and their upbringing by him detrimental to his children. once a classical musician, hazrat inayat khan let go of his greatest attachment-his musical career-to become a sufi
immersing himself in the sufist ideology, he found a link between his former life as a musician and his new journey along the spiritual path. khan saw harmony as the "music of the spheres" which linked all mankind and had the ability to transcend one's spiritual awareness.
host range inoculations have shown this virus can also infect some cultivars of beans (phaseolus vulgaris), cowpeas (vigna unguiculata), and macroptilium lathyroides.
m. latyroides is a native of south america which has been introduced to several other countries including the united states (florida and hawaii), india, australia, and africa.
professional tennis player who is the current world no. 262 in the atp rankings. he is the reigning olympic champion, having won the men's singles tennis tournament at the 2016 rio olympics. he has reached eleven grand slam finals in total: he won the 2016 wimbledon championships, 2013 wimbledon championships and the 2012 us open, and finished as runner-up at the 2008 us open, the 2010,2011,2013,2015 and 2016 australian opens, at wimbledon in 2012 and the 2016 french
murray made his professional tennis debut on the main tour in barcelona in 2005. so far in his career, murray has won 45 singles titles.
january, the soviets began the massive vistula – oder offensive, originally planned for 20 january. it had been brought forward from 20 january to 12 january because meteorological reports warned of a thaw later in the month, and the tanks needed hard ground for the offensive (and the advance of the red army was assisted by two panzer armies (5th and 6th) being redeployed for the ardennes attack). during world war ii, most u.s. black soldiers still served only in maintenance or service positions
because of troop shortages during the battle of the bulge, eisenhower decided to integrate the service for the first time.
world leaders to seek peaceful resolutions to international conflict. the signatories included eleven pre-eminent intellectuals and scientists, including albert einstein, who signed it just days before his death on april 18,1955. a few days after the release, philanthropist cyrus s. eaton offered to sponsor a conference — called for in the
on science and world affairs, held in july 1957. in the united kingdom, the first aldermaston march organised by the campaign for nuclear disarmament took place at easter 1958, when several thousand people marched for four days from trafalgar square, london, to the atomic weapons research establishment close
of the 2010 census the population was 1,285, of whom 793 lived in the unincorporated portion of the township. located in the southeastern corner of the county, it borders the following townships: amanda township-northeast richland township, wyandot county-east jackson township, hardin county-south blanchard township,
are located in defiance and delaware counties. the township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in november of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following january 1. two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before
nes offensive demonstrated that the allied armored forces were capable of taking on the panzerwaffe on equal terms. although the germans managed to begin their offensive with complete surprise and enjoyed some initial successes, they were not able to seize the initiative on the western front. while the german command did not reach its goals, the ardennes operation inflicted heavy losses and set back the allied invasion of germany
the high command of the allied forces had planned to resume the offensive by early january 1945, after the wet season rains and severe frosts, but those plans had to be postponed until 29 january 1945 in connection with the unexpected changes in the front.
angels "in 1996. the soap opera was a wide success across latin america and in russia and israel, obtaining teen-idol status in those countries as well. he retired from" tiny angels "in 1998, to participate in the also famous but less known program" verano del ' 98 ", where he once
he then spent a long time off argentine television, in order to study, but he returned in 2002, playin "guido lassen" in "rebelde way", alongside fellow former "tiny angels" stars felipe colombo, luisana lopilato, camila bordonaba and benjamin rojas
dream demon is a 1988 british horror film co-written and directed by harley cokeliss and starring jemma redgrave in her debut role opposite kathleen wilhoite, jimmy nail, susan fleetwood and timothy spall.
jemma redgrave) is a high class young woman with a troubled past, who is on the verge of marrying the caddish oliver (mark greenstreet). spending the night in her old and spooky family mansion, diana stares into a mirror and begins experiencing terrifying dreams. she sees her past, present and future, while at the same time entering a dark dimension of her own.
13 november 2015) was a new zealand anglican bishop. born in 1947 of ngati porou and ngati kahungunu descent, gray was raised at tokomaru bay. after studying nursing in invercargill, he moved to christchurch where he became active in the anglican church of the good shepherd
vestry and served as a churchwarden and, for five years, as a lay reader, before being ordained as a deacon in 1982. ordained to the priesthood in 1983, gray was named pihopa o (bishop of) te waipounamu, new zealand, in 1996, becoming the first
against lithuania, so younger players could gain more international experience, and to allow him to focus on trying to win grand slam titles. his absence was criticised by davis cup captain john lloyd. the lithuanian side entered the tie as underdogs; fielding a team of teenagers, but lithuania won 3–2. this was the first time that great britain had lost five ties in a row and was described as a humiliating davis cup defeat for great britain. it led to the resignation of john lloyd as davis cup captain, with britain now threatened with relegation to the lowest
murray returned for the europe / africa zone group ii tie versus luxembourg.
this includes three grand slam titles, 14 masters 1000 series titles (placing him ninth on the all-time list), two gold medals at the olympics, and a
doubles titles with his brother jamie murray and an olympic silver medal in the mixed doubles with laura robson. he has won over $ 58 million us dollars in prize money. below is a list of career achievements and titles won by andy murray. murray reached his first major semi-final and final at the 2008 us open, where he lost in the final to roger federer in straight sets. he reached his second major final at the 2010 australian open, again losing to federer
recited every morning, and patriotic and militaristic songs may have been sung at department of defense dependents schools (dodds) overseas and department of defense domestic dependent elementary and secondary schools (ddess) within the united states. patriotic ideals often form the basis for church sermons. protestant and catholic worship services may include militaristic hymns. prior to movies at base theaters, patrons and staff stand for the national anthem and often another patriotic song
the military family knows that the service person may be killed in the line of duty, but may accept that risk because they understand the values of duty, honor, and country.
babalice [babaˈlitsɛ] (german: babalitz) is a village in the administrative district of gmina biskupiec, within nowe miasto county, warmian-masurian voivodeship, in northern poland.
it lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of biskupiec, 22 km (14 mi) west of nowe miasto lubawskie, and 87 km (54 mi) west of the regional capital olsztyn. the village has a population of 80.
players like john sharpe, mickey martin, carl roche and brian o'brien were regular first choices in the exiles and wolfhounds team and the wolfhounds were managed by brett with marty and phil helping out.
had also improved but again the blues and the exiles reached the final with another closely fought game which the exiles came out on top. this was the exiles second title in 2 years 2004 saw a transition for the exiles. brett, marty, alan and mal mcgivern all left the team to return home. steve szpara and mickey martin retired and phil coles managed the team, starting as manager but returning
cumulative impact of the skewed sex ratio over several generations. thus a proportion of men will in due course have to forgo marriage altogether. the poorest males will be disproportionately affected by this marriage squeeze. this may cause destabilization and may translate into class-based tensions.
potentially keep these men out of trouble, therefore with the problem of not having enough women for men to marry can cause men to make poor decisions. typically the men who are not able to marry are those of middle to low socioeconomic classes who do not have as much education, thus leading to closing themselves off to
by a small, fortified wooden castle during part of the 12th century at abinger common, between guildford and dorking in surrey, england. the castle reached a fairly prominent vantage point with a half-panorama overlooking the two roads that diverge by the neighbouring church, having descended from the leith hill escarpment
and founded by william fitz ansculf. it was built of wood and remodelled in 1140. it had a longer life than most castles of this type, surviving until 1153. equally at the start of the rise of land to the west of the core neighbourhood of the dispersed village is the
hector changed his name from el bambino to el father evolving into a mafioso persona emulating his american hip hop influences such as notorious b.i.g. and tupac shakur.
divino, "mayor que yo" featuring varios, and his solo project "the bad boy" which was certified latin platinum by the riaa in 2006. hector el father also had partnerships for his record label "gold star music" with roc-a-fella records and machete music / universal latino recording a collaboration with jay-z "here we go" from "los rompediscotecas" distributed by
in addition, u.s. federal law does not allow the procedure of intervention to violate the requirements of diversity jurisdiction. the court must have either diversity jurisdiction or federal question jurisdiction over the intervenor's claim. supplemental jurisdiction is not permitted for intervention claims under 28 u.s.c.
1367 (b) when the original claim's federal jurisdiction was based solely on diversity and exercising supplemental jurisdiction over the intervening claim would be inconsistent with the diversity requirements of 28 u.s.c. § 1332. however, supplemental jurisdiction is permitted when the claims are so related that they form the same case or controversy.
the fifth panzer army was spearheaded by the 2nd panzer division while the panzer lehr division (armored training division) came up from the south, leaving bastogne to other units. the ourthe river was passed at ourtheville on 21 december.
of hargimont and marche-en-famenne. hargimont was captured the same day, but marche-en-famenne was strongly defended by the american 84th division. gen. von luttwitz, commander of the xxxxvii panzer-korps, ordered the division to turn westwards towards dinant and the meuse,
of staff, maj. gen. freddie de guingand, and lt. gen. walter bedell smith, moved eisenhower to reconsider and allowed montgomery to apologize. the german commander of the 5th panzer army, hasso von manteuffel said of montgomery's leadership: the operations of the american 1st army had developed into a series of individual holding actions. montgomery's contribution to restoring the situation was that he turned a series
it was his refusal to engage in premature and piecemeal counter-attacks which enabled the americans to gather their reserves and frustrate the german attempts to extend their breakthrough.
content, applications, services, or non-harmful devices. no throttling: broadband providers may not impair or degrade lawful internet traffic on the basis of content, applications, services, or non-harmful devices. no paid prioritization: broadband providers may not favor some lawful internet traffic over other lawful
december 14,2017, the fcc voted to reverse the 2015 title ii classifications of isps, and the classifications fell out of use on june 11,2018. the strong protections for freedom of speech and expression against federal, state, and local government censorship are rooted in the first amendment to the united states constitution.
a pentagon study released in june 2009 reported that children of combat troops show more fear, anxiety and behavioral problems.
four parents say their children respond poor or very poorly, and a third experienced academic problems. another study done by the university of california los angeles indicated that a year after the parent returns, 30% of children "exhibited clinical levels of anxiety." the pentagon study found the effects most pronounced in children between the ages of 5-13, while the ucla study found contrary evidence that the issues were the strongest in children under the age of 8. "suddenly military" (reservist and national guard) families face
' s structure, or leave the denomination. mitchell chose to break off, and foursquare required that mitchell, and any of the other pastors breaking off with him, whose churches owned buildings and other church property, surrender the property to foursquare. the set up of the foursquare gospel churches is such that the international board owns all of the church properties. mitchell was very bitter about this, but an offering was taken at a prescott
some of the other churches in mitchell's fellowship, which owned buildings, were also able to buy them from foursquare, and others had to vacate their buildings.
in 2012, edwards-walpole graduated from the florida international university college of law with her juris doctor, while she was working full-time.
, when incumbent state representative juan c. zapata was unable to seek re-election due to term limits, edwards-walpole ran to succeed him in the 119th district, which stretched from doral to florida city in eastern miami-dade county. she faced republican nominee frank artiles, tea party candidate alex fernandez, and independent candidate graziella denny. edwards-walpole ultimately lost to artiles, receiving 44% of the vote to his 52%
mollinedia engleriana is a species of plant in the monimiaceae family.
it is endemic to brazil.
fighting went on for another 3 weeks; st. vith was recaptured by the americans on 23 january, and the last german units participating in the offensive did not return to their start line until 25 january. winston churchill, addressing the house of commons following the battle of the bulge said, " this is undoubtedly the greatest american battle of the war and will, i believe, be regarded as an ever
the plan and timing for the ardennes attack sprang from the mind of adolf hitler. he believed a critical fault line existed between the british and american military commands, and that a heavy blow on the western front would shatter this alliance.
ant david sherwood and came out victorious in the crucial doubles rubber against the experienced jonathan erlich and andy ram, helping britain advance 3–2. in september, murray played his debut singles match for the davis cup in the world group play-off against switzerland in geneva on clay with greg rusedski, alan mackin
captain jeremy bates surprised everyone by naming murray as the british no 1 and alan mackin as british no 2. under the davis cup rules, this meant that for friday's singles, murray played the swiss no 2, stan wawrinka while mackin played the swiss no 1, roger federer.
in manhattan, new st. john died on either the night of august 12,1955, or early the following morning, when he was found dead at the 170 east 79th street manhattan penthouse apartment of his friend frances stratford. the police, pending an autopsy, listed the cause as an apparent overdose of sleeping pills, and his age as 54. he had been
the group of magazines published by st. john included crime fiction (manhunt, mantrap, menace, murder, verdict), a western digest (gunsmoke), the scandal-expose title secret life and the men's magazine nugget.
mixer disperses, or transports, one phase or ingredient (liquid, solid, gas) into a main continuous phase (liquid), with which it would normally be immiscible. a rotor or impeller, together with a stationary component known as a stator, or an array of rotors and stators, is used either in a tank containing the solution to be mixed, or in a pipe through which the solution passes, to create shear.
a high-shear mixer can be used to create emulsions, suspensions, lyosols (gas dispersed in liquid), and granular products.
the publication of computational methods is seen as an important step to bring those who write research software into the academic credit production system.
the development of astronomy & computing was presented in 2012 in a poster session at the astronomical data analysis software and systems (adass) xxii conference, and the journal's first issue was published in february, 2013.
all distinct destination countries and territories in the iata database are considered.
is to be determined, is checked against every one of the 227 possible travel destinations for which travel restriction information exists in the iata database. these interrogations continue throughout the year so scores will continuously change. 2. each query is made with the following conditions: passports are issued in the country of nationality passport holders are an adult citizen of the country which issued the passport and a lone traveller rather than in a tourist group entry is sought for tourism or business the stay is at least three days 3. further conditions include: queries are made only for holders of normal passports
after the liberation of serbia marked by the first hatt-i humayun in 1830, prince milos's priority became to settle the drina valley with serb population.
the newcomers from the dinara region, particularly from grahovo (now in montenegro), prince milos sent bobovac from belgrade to the region of azbukovica to join knez jevrem obrenovic and petar vasic in supervising and hastening the relocation of the muslims who did not accept the provisions of the hatt-i humayun, which unambiguously ordered the compulsory eviction of ottomans from serbia,
post-season debut with the penguins, adding 1 goal in 12 games. on july 12,2018, oleksiak as a restricted free agent, agreed to a three-year, $ 6.4 million contract extension with the penguins. oleksiak, who holds dual canadian / united states citizenship, represented the united states in the 2009 ivan hlinka memorial tournament which finished in fourth place, but later decided he would represent canada
oleksiak attended school with both dougie and freddie hamilton at crestwood preparatory college in toronto, ontario, before moving to the united states to pursue his career in hockey.
could split the allied forces and compel the americans and british to settle for a separate peace, independent of the soviet union. success in the west would give the germans time to design and produce more advanced weapons (such as jet aircraft, new u-boat designs and super-heavy tanks) and permit the concentration of
ended, this assessment was generally viewed as unrealistic, given allied air superiority throughout europe and their ability to continually disrupt german offensive operations. given the reduced manpower of their land forces at the time, the germans believed the best way to seize the initiative would be to attack in the west against the smaller allied forces
while visiting, he requested studio space where he could compose and sepeshy had the piano moved from cranbrook house into st. dunstan's playhouse. the house and gardens are open to the public from may through october.
s playhouse, while not formally a part of the cranbrook educational community, is located on the cranbrook grounds near the cranbrook house. the playhouse, a 206-seat theater, houses the st. dunstan's theatre guild of cranbrook. the guild was founded in 1932 by henry scripps booth, son of cranbrook's founders george and
hayashibara (林 原 めくみ hayashibara megumi, born march 30,1967) is a japanese voice actress, singer, lyricist and radio personality from tokyo and is affiliated with woodpark office. one of the most prominent japanese voice actresses of the 1990s, hayashibara is best known for her roles in love hina, saber marionette j, ranma ½, neon genesis evangelion, cowboy bebop, slayers, detective conan, pokemon, all purpose cultural catgirl nuku nuku, video
megumi hayashibara was born on march 30,1967 in tokyo, japan.
run towards what fallout and dust from a full-scale nuclear exchange would do to the world as a whole, rather than just cities and countries directly involved. in this way, the fate of the world was now tied to the fate of the bomb-wielding superpowers. throughout the 1950s and the early 1960s the u.s. and the ussr both endeavored, in a tit-for-tat approach, to prevent the other power from acquiring nuclear supremacy. this had
the first atomic bombs dropped on hiroshima and nagasaki were large, custom-made devices, requiring highly trained personnel for their arming and deployment.
cranbrook is renowned for its architecture in the arts and crafts and art deco styles. the chief architect was eliel saarinen with albert kahn responsible for the booth mansion, 1908,1919.
also spent many years in residence at cranbrook. cranbrook schools today comprise a co-educational day and boarding college preparatory "upper" school; a middle school, and brookside lower school. the first school to open on the cranbrook grounds was the bloomfield hills school in 1922. founded by george booth, the bloomfield hills school was intended as the community school for local area children (of which there were then
brief battle the lightly armed americans surrendered. they were disarmed and, with some other americans captured earlier (approximately 150 men), sent to stand in a field near the crossroads under light guard. about fifteen minutes after peiper's advance guard passed through, the main body under the command of ss-sturmbannfuhrer werner potschke arrived. allegedly, the ss troopers suddenly opened fire on the prisoners. as soon as the firing began, the prisoners panicked. most were shot where they stood, though some managed to
accounts of the killing vary, but at least 84 of the pows were murdered.
azilal is a province in the moroccan region of beni mellal-khenifra.
its population in 2004 is 504,501. the major cities and towns are: afourar azilal ait attab bzou demnate foum jamaa ouaouizeght the province is divided administratively into the following:
as a practical matter, there is a degree of net neutrality in the united states, in that telecommunications companies rarely offer different rates to broadband and dial-up internet consumers based on content or service type. however, there are no clear legal restrictions against these practices. internet access is categorized under u.s. law as an information service, and not a telecommunications service, and thus has not been subject to common carrier regulations. five failed attempts have been made to pass network neutrality bills in congress.
each of these bills sought to prohibit internet service providers from using various variable pricing models based upon the user's quality of service level.
states environmental protection agency to "photographically document subjects of environmental concern" in the united states from about 1972 to 1977. the collection, now at the national archives, contains over 22,000 photographs, more than 15,000 of which are available online. with support from the first epa administrator, william ruckels
of the number involved range between 70 and 120, including erik calonius, gene daniels, ken hayman, anne labastille, danny lyon, boyd norton, yoichi okamoto, charles o'rear, tomas sennett, bill strode, suzanne szasz, and john h. white
sah has been working to create a "silicon valley of the south" in the us state of texas. mensah is a recipient of several awards including turner’s trumpet award for fiber optics innovation, percy julian award, golden torch award; the highest award by nsbe, william grimes award and eminent engineers
100. in december 2017 he received the kwame nkrumah african genius award in science / technology and innovation in ghana. dr mensah delivered the 10th r.p. baffour lecture at the kwame nkrumah university of science and technology on 23 november 2017 where he was awarded a honorary
the converse was equally damaging;
supplies combined with the bombing of the romanian oil fields starved germany of oil and gasoline. this fuel shortage intensified after the soviets overran those fields in the course of their august 1944 jassy-kishinev offensive. one of the few advantages held by the german forces in november 1944 was that they were no longer defending all of western europe. their front lines in the west had been considerably shortened by the allied offensive and were much closer to the german heartland. this drastically reduced their supply problems despite allied control of additionally, their extensive telephone and telegraph network meant that radios were no longer necessary for communications
neville godwin (born 31 january 1975) is a former tennis player from south africa.
win turned professional in 1994. the right-hander won one singles title (2001 newport) in his career, and reached his highest individual ranking on the atp tour in march 1997, when he became world no. 90. his highest world ranking for doubles was world no. 57. at the 1996 wimbledon tournament, godwin had his best finish at a grand slam, when he reached the fourth round as a qualifier, defeating cristiano caratti, compatriot grant stafford and boris becker before losing to alex radules
there are various decorations that were carved on the stone dogs: yun-lei (cloud & thunder): the ancient leizhou ancestors worship and deify thunder.
with yun-lei stone dogs have a wide range in leizhou peninsula, appearing in almost every town. lotus: the lotus is holy to buddhists, so the leizhou stone dogs carved lotus petals lines reflect the leizhou ancestors' belief in stone dog as unusual things in the world. it is lofty, sanctity, no desire for fame and fortune, a representation of a selfless dedication and precious spirit. people want to express the homage to their
, 000 have had a parent deployed multiple times. most of the research into military brats has been conducted on the long-term effects on adults who grew up during the cold war and also during the vietnam and korean wars. as the cold war came to an end, the role of the united states armed forces changed. the u.s. military realized that there was distinct correlation between the quality of life and retention and operational effectiveness. to this end, the military started to change the living standards that most cold war brats grew up with. the demographics of the
the modern military has a larger proportion of married military members.
similarly, all military personnel receive the same quality of healthcare
- military segments of u.s. society, president truman signed executive order 9981 integrating the military and mandating equality of treatment and opportunity. it outlawed segregation in the military and made it illegal, per military law, to make a racist remark. fifteen years later, secretary of defense robert mcnamara issued department of defense directive 5120.36. "every military commander," the directive mandates, " has the responsibility to oppose discriminatory practices affecting his men and their dependents and to foster equal opportunity for them, not only in areas under his immediate control,
in 1898, pierre and marie curie discovered that pitchblende, an ore of uranium, contained a substance — which they named radium — that emitted large amounts of radioactivity. ernest rutherford and frederick soddy identified that atoms were breaking down and turning into different elements.
h.g. wells was inspired to write about atomic weapons in a 1914 novel, the world set free, which appeared shortly before the first world war. in a 1924 article, winston churchill speculated about the possible military implications: " might not a bomb no bigger than an orange be found to possess a secret power to destroy a whole block of buildings
trommald is a city in crow wing county, minnesota, united states.
brainerd micropolitan statistical area. trommald was founded as a mining town on the western end of the cuyuna iron range, just north of ironton. trommald was named for a.g. trommald, county registrar of deeds from 1904 to 1930. trommald was incorporated in 1917. according to the united states census bureau, the city has a total area of 3.93 square miles (10.18 km²), of which 3.65 square miles (9.
togne, in which american paratroopers particularly distinguished themselves, made it impossible for the germans to take the town with its important road junctions. the panzer columns swung past on either side, cutting off bastogne on 20 december but failing to secure the vital crossroads. in the extreme south, brandenberger's three infantry divisions were checked by divisions of the u.s. viii corps after an advance of 6
that front was then firmly held. only the 5th parachute division of brandenberger's command was able to thrust forward 19 km (12 mi) on the inner flank to partially fulfill its assigned role.
bauman picked up the ball from the turf and ran it six yards for a touchdown.
bauman participated in the spring league in 2017.
in another, jesus himself recommended the gospel.
of his most gentle heart, he said to her: "consider how great is my love: if you want to know it well, you will not find it expressed more clearly anywhere than in the gospel. no one has ever expressed stronger or more tender feelings than these: as my father has loved me, so have i loved you (john 15:9)". her accounts of these visions were later at the age of 50, mechtilde went through a grave spiritual crisis, as well as physical suffering. she learned that two nuns in whom she had especially confided
in general, the goal of the intervenor is to influence the court in making its decision, not just to "assist" the court. canadian courts (also courts in uk) use the term "amicus curiae" in a more limited sense.
amicus curiae is someone who has been specifically commissioned by the court to provide a viewpoint which the court believes is necessary and otherwise lacking. by contrast, an intervenor is someone who has applied to the court to be heard on a matter. for example, the quebec secession reference (a case in the supreme court of canada) had one amicus curia
studies show that ex-military kids end up pursuing service-related careers in very high numbers: military service, teaching, counseling, police, nursing and foreign service work being highly represented in military brat career statistics (in comparison to statistics on non-military brat patterns of employment choices).
) of work that is more independent (self-employment / avoidance of direct subservience to authority figures) and along those lines also favoring creative and artistic professions that offer more independence. she also reported that for those military brats who did choose military service there was a tendency to go through a phase of bucking or testing authority
